     Frodo woke with a splitting headache which was made worse when he realizedthat nothing that painful could be a dream.     "Where am I - and why is everything so loud,"  he said before changingto a whisper.  Oh, this was a bad one alright.     "You are in the Last Homely House  or the first — or maybe neither, asmany homely houses have been built before and after this one. Suffice it to saythat it is the house of El Rond and he's been hard at work up until last nighttrying to save your silly mortal hide."     The voice was that of Gandalf's and Frodo never imagined any voice couldbe as loud as what he was hearing right now.  "Could you show some respect andkeep it down.  Please.  People are busy dying here."     "Oh its not that bad, you could be dead already."  Gandalf had turned awayfrom the sideboard he had been standing at and was approaching Frodo with afluted glass with a green concotion in it.  "Here.  Drink this, it will helpyou get over the hang..., I mean, headache that you have.  It has been closethese past four days and we had to keep you well sedated while we forced theblood toward your brain again.  Nasty work that was.  We didn't finish untillast night.  Oh, by the way, don't worry, some women find scars sexy."     I don't know which, Gandalf thought to himself, but I'm sure there must beat least one somewhere.     "Four days!" cried Frodo.  "You mean I haven't eaten in four days?!?! Get something in here right now!  And make sure there are plenty of mushrooms!"     "Well, at least you seem to have your spirit back.  Although you seem toforget that you're on the lam and are owing your well being to others.  Somegratitude first... and finish that drink."     The wizard smile inwardly.  That Frodo's aggresiveness had not beenpermanently harmed by all he had been through was good, but still, keeping thehobbit pliable with these elvish concoctions would still be necessary toguarantee that he continued to bankroll this quest more or less willingly, atleast until there were no magistrates around who could decide in his favour.     A knock came on the door, and then it opened.  A beautiful elven maid camein carrying a large tray of food.  The maiden set the tray before Frodo, andhanded him a second glass of the amazingly good, if salty, green drink thatGandalf had given him earlier.  "I'm Margarita. Here, El Rond and Gandalf saythis will help you to recover from your trauma.  And if there is anything elseyou need we will surely try to provide it for you."     Frodo smiled at this and thought that this was exactly what the ring wasmeant for. His thought flashed to the golden object.  "The ..."     "...Ring?" said Gandalf, showing that he knew the hobbit all too well. "It is safe around your neck, on a new chain.  But don't try using it or ElRond will make sure that something else is around your neck soon enough.  It ismuch too dangerous to use now that you have started to unwittingly tap into someof the power of the white gold."     Frodo frowned as his face turned red.  He turned his thoughts to the traythat had caused the girl to come in.  Half of it was filled with mushroomdelicacies and the other half was filled with palette cleansing side dishes tohave between the various preparations of the fungi.  He dove in, stuffinghimself as only a starved hobbit could and looked up at the wizard. "SaauummGH?"     "Sam?  Oh, yes.  Sam and the others are alright.  In fact they have allbeen enjoying your portions at the table while you've been out of it.  Once youfainted they were quite safe from your advances and had no trouble getting here.  Have another dose of your, um... medication."     Gandalf refilled Frodo's glass.  Frodo had to admit it was the bestprescription he had ever tasted.  His headache was rapidly diappearing but hewas getting a little light-headedness in return.     "Time for you to rest again.  Tomorrow, maybe, you should be able to walkabout a bit.  But for now bedrest is the thing.  Unfortunately Elvish surgicalpractices aren't what they used to be."  The wizard left Frodo with enoughcuriousity to kill ten cats.  He looked under the sheets.  He was only able tocount four scars before passing out.     Sam came in the next morning and drew the curtains wide.     "Close them!!!"  cried Frodo, as a searing pain came across his eyes.     Sam didn't listen.  "Some fresh air and light will do you good, master. Here, Gandalf said you still might be suffering from some pain beacause ofyour wound.  This stuff seems to do wonders."  Sam handed Frodo a glass of thegreen liquid.  "If you want, sir, we might be able to find some fresh fruit forthat to make it more palatable."     "Yes," replied Frodo.  "that would be good.  Next time.  It does seem tohelp the pain though."     "Indeed it does, sir.  In fact, many of the elves like to have a dose ortwo at the end of a day's work, but what work it is they do I couldn't tell you,sir.  They seem to have perfected the art of taking it easy, if you know what Imean."     Frodo saw an elven maid pass by the open door.  "I know exactly what youmean, Sam.  I'd like to learn that art from them myself."     "Do you feel up for a stroll, sir?  Everyone has been quite excited sinceyou came out of the shed that El Rond and Gandalf took you when you got here. It was a long time they spent workin' on you and there were at least twobarrels of this here green stuff that went in there.  Annie-stay-tick theycalled it but most people seem to call it margarita."     "That's what the girl who brought me my supper yesterday said her namewas," said Frodo.     "Anniestaytick?"  Sam put his knuckle in his eye, trying to make some senseof things.     "No, you ninny-hammer!  Margarita."     "Oh.....  Well, they do seem to like the stuff, so I'm not suprisedthey've named some of the younger ones after it.  That's meaning younger tothem, I mean, seeing as most of the lassies around here are at least a couplethousand years old."     Frodo had another vision af the elf from the day before and his stomachturned slightly.  He took another sip of his drink.  Yes, that's better, hethought.     After Frodo had risen and gotten dressed in the fresh clothes that hadbeen provided for him, he and Sam started out to explore the house of El Rond. Many halls it had as Bilbo had recounted over and over again when anyone gavehim the opportunity.  Halls for eating, halls for thinking, halls for readingquietly and even halls for.....  "Oh, YES," thought Frodo, "I'll have to visitthat hall," but just then he heard a scream of "Midget pig!" and Morrie andPipsqueak were flying out with the closing door barely missing them as theypassed through.     "Hi there, Frodo!" said Morrie.  Pipsqueak only grinned and he wiped hismouth with his forearm.  Morrie elbowed him in the side.     "Yes.  Hi there, Frodo.  Glad to have you back.  We were having such anawful time worrying about you."     Frodo just glared at the two and they shut up quickly, although Morriedid not like being talked to like that on any occasion.     "Why don't we take Frodo over to the Hall of the Fire," said Pipsqeak,breaking the silence.     "That sounds like a splendid idea," agreed Sam and the two were off downthe hall.  Frodo and Morrie gave a final glare at each other, smiled, andfollowed.     The hall they entered was as large as the largest hobbit banquet halls, which can be very large when you think of all the relatives and friends that hobbits feel obligated to invite because of social niceties. Bilbo's had been so large a party that it had to be moved outdoors, with the party quonset being constructed to entertain the more favoured guests while keeping away the less desirable yet obligatory invitees.  In the middle of the hall, but toward the far end from where the four had entered, was a large circular fire, free-standing with the flue just above it.  It was about twenty feet in diameter and a fire raged within it, keeping even those at the other end ofthe room warm.     An elven waitress came over to offer Frodo and his friends somemargaritas.  Each of them gratefully took one, Frodo going so far as to takea second as well.  "These headaches, y'know.  This seems to be the best thingfor them."  The others nodded while smiling knowingly each to the other two.     To the right was a bent old dwarf, who motioned for Frodo to come closer.     "It is a pleasure to meet the heir to Bilbo," said the dwarf.  "I alreadysee signs that his cunning and guile, which used to save his own skin, has beenpassed on to you.  Having made the journey you did shows that both his luckand skill were passed on to his, uh, nephew."     "Am I correct in presuming that I am talking to one of Bilbo's companionsfrom his oft told journey?"     "That you are, Mr. Baggins."  Here the dwarf bowed low as he intoned"Gloin, at your service."  Gloin held his bow for a moment, until Frododirected Sam to help unbend him.     "Ah, Bilbo," said Frodo wistfully.  "He did have a habit of going on, butstill..."     "You miss him dearly, do you not, Frodo?" asked Gloin.     "Yes, I do.  Sometimes I wonder where he is and if he still has thatchain."     Out of the corner of his eye Frodo noticed El Rond entering the hall. Rather than coming over to Frodo's group, he strode quickly to the opposite endof the hall where he greeted the most beautiful Elven woman that Frodo hadever seen, and he had been keeping his eyes open so as not to miss one since hehad awakened.  In fact, he was distracted for a moment as a waitress came up tooffer more margaritas to the party, which they all gladly accepted, Frodosaying "here, (hic) why don't I take two so you don't feel rushed to get back."     Before she turned away, Frodo grabbed the waitress's arm.  "Who is that towhom El Rond is speaking?" he asked.     "That is the Daughter of the Master of this house.  Arwen, daughter ofCelebrian who has gone to the halls of Mandos."     And so Frodo set eyes once more on the beauty which few mortals had yetseen, the vision of which had so recently given a temporary cure to his maladyand his first access to the awsome full power of the Ring: Arwen, who by theelves was called Indomitable, the Morningstar of her people, for with thatheavy piece of weaponry as well as other small handheld throwing weapons shewas as proficient as all but the greatest of the Rangers of the North.  He hadnot recognized her in her black leather regalia, which she found useful both inbattle and in other places where persuasive tactics might be enjoyed.  Indeed,as Frodo looked more closely, he could see that what he had first taken to bebaubles and jewlrey were indeed many stars and knives placed within easy reachof her hands, and El Rond, who loved her dearly, still kept a space betweenthem as they hugged in greeting so as not to be pricked by a well sharpenedblade injudiciously placed.  Her brothers, Al Ladan and Al Rokar, who had longsince stopped worrying about their sister's safety, were off hunting down tracesof those who had pursued Frodo and his companions.     Frodo thought to himself that it did not matter if she was older thandirt, she was still the best looking woman - Elf, Mortal or Hobbit - he had everseen, and if ever he got the chance...  But his reverie was broken and hisattention turned away as a voice came out of the fire.          There once was a man named Elysium          Who ran a smuggling consortium          	To the Undying Lands          	He led all his hands          In the hopes of scoring some opium.          Many a battle was fought          Over jewels some elf had wrought          	The poppies had withered          	while the elvish folk dithered          Over lessons the Valar had taught.          To them did Elysium sail          Through many a monstrous gail          	A Silmaril in hand          	He thought to demand          All the poppies Aman had for sale.          El Wing, his wife, came along          For she looked mighty good in a thong          	If the jewels held no interest          	Opinies this satirist          With his wife he couldn't go wrong.          The Valar, their interest did pique          When the light of the jewel it did leak          	Eonwe did say          	As they stood at the quay          "The Powers to you they would speak."          To the high point they both did walk          For Elysium wanted to talk          	A jewel he would sell          	for the chance for to smell          Of poppies, but the Valar did balk.          "Nay," said their spokesman, Gal-Dós          "For the fate of the world you would toss          	Away for a pittance.          	Your incompittence          Has worked out to your own loss."          At this did Elysium quake          For the jewel he thought they would take          	And he without tuppence          	Would get his come-uppence          Of a jones he ne'er could slake.          "In Middle-earth now you are done          We now send you forth with one          	Of the Silmarili          	In the sky for to fly          Until the Last Battle's begun.          "To your sons we will give this choice          For each of them you will rejoice          	To choose Man or Elf          	To live both himself          and his children, for they have no voice."          Mannish strain Earohed chose          And why?  Nobody knows.          	El Rond, he still lives          	while his brother, he gives          His flesh over to decompose.          Elysium stands on his deck          With an Silmaril hung 'round his neck          	With his wife by his side          	In the sky he does ride          keeping darkness forever in check.Now the voice was recognizable, it was Bilbo's and a smile came across Frodo'sface as the old hobbit who was being dragged around the hearth by two of ElRond's Balliffs.     "Hullo, Frodo, my lad," Bilbo said.  "I hear you had a bit of trouble getting here."  Frodo gave the tottering old hobbit an embrace and then drew up a chair for him.     They were joined by El Rond and Gandalf as well, for Frodo had missed himentering as the poetry was being recited.  "A bit cheeky of you to be writingpoems about your host's parents, do you think, Bilbo?"  said Gandalf.     Bilbo shrugged him off and continued. "Do you still have it?  The ring that is.  I must say there are many reasons to use it around here and at my age I could use all the help I can get."     Gandalf, seeing a frown coming across El Rond's face, interjected.  "Your time of posessing the ring has past, Bilbo.  It is time for others to carry theburden, but maybe not for too much longer."  He handed Frodo another drink.     "But of course.  Master El Rond, you must know that I was only jesting."     El Rond was about to reply when Frodo downed his drink in one gulp.  Helooked fine and then his eyes became wide and he started to lose his balance.     "Frodo, Can you here me?" asked Gandalf.     "Yesshh," replied the sodden hobbit.  "Boy-o-boy, when these thingsfinally hit they hit hard, don't they Gandy-poo?"     "I can help you through this Frodo my friend, but you'll have to do what Isay and it may take a while. OK?"     "I'll do anything you say, Gand-meister."     To El Rond and the others Gandalf spoke softly.  "We're halfway there. With him loaded like this we're sure to get the rest of his accounts from him."In a louder voice Gandalf spoke to the general gathering of people.  "All right,everyone, he's primed.  It's time to have our Council."  There was a mutedcheer as Morrie, Pipsqueak and Sam, carrying Frodo between them, followed afterGandalf and El Rond to the Meeting Hall.  Bilbo tottered slowly after them.
    As they entered the room, Frodo though he noticed that all presentrather felt the same as he did, what with all the deformed faces thegreeted him and all the spinning going about. Most of those presentFrodo knew already.  The others were: Giggly the dwarf, Gloin's son (hehad earned his name since he couldn't stop giggling whenever he isexcited for whatever reason). An elf clad all in flashy green was called Lego-lass.  She was a messenger from her father Thranduil, and had a slightly plastic shine to her skin and rather squarish edges to her features.  Further along, there was a man that El Rond introduced as Boromir™.  He was dressed as for riding, and was sporting a helm of ancient design, simple and black, surmounted with two round protusions.  He also carried a small pocket sized silver tipped horn on his belt.  It seemed as if it had been bigger at one point, but had been cloven down to this size.  As if by a weird coincidence Boromir™ was the only one sporting a red shirt, all the others being dressed in yellow.  Besides that, there were many from ElRond's household and representatives of other elven lords.  And in acorner Frodo saw Arwen.    As soon as he saw her he said, "What are you doing here?  Get out of here,you have no role, and stop trying to get more for the upcoming movie!"    At this Arwen replied: "Daaaaad, can I stay please say I can, I really do want a bigger role in that movie.  I promise I'll be a nice girl and I won't touch any weapons for the next month if you let me stay."    "Out you go," said El Rond. "Frodo is right; you have nothing to do in this scene."    She went out and bashed in a stool that was in her way without thinking much about it.  After she slammed the door all heard a carnage going on outside,and El Rond knew he would have to redecorate once again.    We will not delve into the the details of what was told at this council,for if we did, it would not only be those who were present who would besleeping in it.    At the start, Gloin rambled on and on about how the dwarves wanted toregain Moira, and that the dwarves who left to find Moira probably losttheir way since they were never heard from again.  He also talked abouta horseman with a most charming voice who came by to pay them a visit atthe Lonely Mountain.  He was asking about a ring, and was so desperateof getting it back that he offered his special services for it.  Thedwarves, not looking the horse in the mouth (had they, they would'vefound him with an extremely bad breath and would've refused the offer),accepted, but never told him they didn't have the particular ring. However, the stranger not being able to differentiate between the maleand female dwarves left in utter dismay without having providedservices to anyone.    Afterwards, El Rond recounted the story of the finger cutting, whereSauron was mad at Gil-Gallamine for not faling under the seductive powerof the Ring.  "Gil-Gallamine, not liking to be given the finger, cut offSauron's finger and thus started the battle of the Gladden Fields.  Asthis was happening, Elendil, being peace loving as he was, tried toprevent Gil-Gallamine from cutting Sauron's finger, but he tripped onhis sword Narsil and broke it at the same time.  After this war therehas always been some petty unorganised squabbles going on, since Sauron had been flushed down the etheral drain.  Eventually, Gil-Gallaminedisappeared with his Ring; he never came back from a barn where a gal waswaiting for him.  He did not suspect that it was an orcish gal. When hefound out he tried running away, but he fell in the river Sirion and nevercame back up; he should've learnt how to swim.  Only myself, Othar, andCirdan know this story, for we alone saw him drown, we tried to find hisbody and the ring, but we never did."    "Wait a minute," said Frodo, "I thought your name was El Rond, not Othar.What's going on here?"    "Yes, well, both are my name.  Othar is my original name, but after theBattle of the Gladden fields, I stopped excercising and gave heed toprowesses of the mind only.  After a while, I grew soft, then flabby,and I eventually developped a Dorwinion Wine belly.  At this point, ourdear friend Gandalf started calling me round in whatever language hecould, and let me tell you he knows a lot.  The name that finally stuckto me was actully 'The Circle' in a half forgotten language calledQuébécois French.  It sounds just like eehhh L ron, but it's writttenEl Rond.  But I digress. Boromir™, can you tell us what is going on inGondor™?"    "I came looking for help; the armies out of Mordor are getting stronger, but it's not the number that are defeating us.  Sometimes dark riders will come with the armies.  These dark riders have been known to start tapping their feet to a rhythm, dance a weird dance and then start laughing at one of their own.  The one being laughed at is the only one who doesn't dance, and he looks rather sheepish when the others do.  When they aren't doing their dance thing, those dark riders will get everybody feeling at least somewhat romantic, and noone wants to fight anymore, except for the orcs which seem to have rather violent matingpractices.  There was also a poem that me and my brother Dr. Faramirheard in our dreams.  We talked about it to our father Denethor™ andhe told us to go and talk to the lore master El Rond about it.  Here'show the poem goes:	"Seek for the sword that tripped its master	One from the household of the round one will take note	Shares there they shall muster	Stronger than the nazdaq-quote	There shall be shown a token	That doom is near at hand	For Isildur's shame shall waken	And the midgets low shall stand."At these words Frodo and Bilbo felt an urge to stand up, which theydid, but they sat right back down before anyone could see them under theledge of the table.    "I now understand part of it," said Boromir™, "but there is still much left unexplained.'    "You shall learn more," Aragon said weakly. "Here is the sword thattripped its master and broke in the process, and it shall be reforged. Hopefully it will bring more luck to its current master: me."    To properly present him El Rond said: "This is Aragon, son of dim-wittedArathon, head-honcho of the Rangers of the North and direct descendantof Isildur."    "Yes, and the ring belongs to me, not to you, Frodo; I'd like to have it back."    "It doesn't belong to either of you," replied Gandalf, "but just by thefact that you want the ring, it is safer for it, for Arwen, and for allwomenfolk if it remains with Frodo."    Then Gandalf stopped talking, roused most of the councilmembers and asked both Bilbo and Frodo to tell their stories as fast aspossible so that none would have time fall asleep before he got to sayhis most important part of the story.  This they did, and Frodo skippedthe whole of the Cassiopiea Took episode, not wishing to be embarassed bytoo much questioning.    When both Hobbits were done Gandalf started rambling on about how hehad entered the Necromancer's dungeons, and how he found out it wasactually Sauron and there were no undeads in the fortress.  Then hespoke of Aruman's opposition to kick Sauron out and how he finallymanaged to convince him, so with a little help from the White Council,he managed to kick Sauron out.  The he said how he found out thatBilbo's ring was the all-seducing Ring.  He was also pretty proud ofthe time he threw Bilbo's ring into melted chocolate, and when he tookit out there was written in a fine script on it Eat me to be tall(Frodo being asleep at this time of Gandalf's self-centered narative didnot hear that important piece of advice).  He also mentioned that some ofthe information he knew came from a little creature called Gulible,since he believed anything said to him.  The only frustrating part withgetting information out of Gulible was that he kept interrupting hisspeech to lament on his lost power of seduction, but aside from that hewas quite a character.  Another point which Gandalf did not understandin Gulible's speech was his constant reference to his lost precious; hesurmised it must have been his makeup or something.    After this, Gandalf recounted how he had found out that Aruman was atraitor.  He had met Radagast who told him that dark skinned horsemenwere in the Shire and Aruman knew they were somehow tied to Sauron, sohe asked Gandalf to come and compare notes on them.  So Gandalf said thathe went to talk to Aruman and willingly let himself be captured byAruman, who actually wanted to get the Ring for his own sinisterpurposes.  However, Gandalf said he had arranged for Gwaihir Lord of theEagles to rescue him and leave him in Edoras, land of the horse-lords. Once there Gandalf wanted to see the King to get the permission toborrow a horse, but the King was not there, so Gandalf started singing:	Lundi matin Gandalf, son baton et son p'tit aigle	Sont venu chez moi pour m'emprunter un ch'val	Mais comme j'étais pas là	Le petit aigle a dit	Puisque c'est comme ça nous reviendrons mardi.Most of the Rohirrim around looked at him and though him kind ofsenile, so Gandalf stopped singing and actually left with a horse andleft the King a message.  It said that Gandalf had borrowed his fastesthorse, since he was in great need of speed, and that he would returnCable Connection eventually.  After a little detour looking for Frodo,Gandalf came back to Rivendell, and that was the end of his story.    Bilbo, the only one still awake, nudged El Rond, who cleared his throatand woke the others by the same occasion.  "Yes, then." he said, "it isclear we have no choice but to destroy the Ring to get rid of Sauron."     "But why shouldn't we use the Ring ourselves?" objected Boromir™. "We could seduce the orcs and get them to fight on our side!  We could getGondor™ to prevail!"    "Haven't you listened to anything that was said?" asked Gandalf. "Even you informed us that the orcs were fairly violent when your men feel romantic;this is simply because the standard practice among orcs is to be fairly violent and eat human flesh in their mating ritual.  There is no way any of uswould be powerful enough to prevent them from doing this."    "We thus return to the destruction of the Ring," said Nestor, chiefbutler of the household of El Rond. "Who has the strength to take theRing to the Fire which made it?"    "The eagles!" shouted Gloin. "The eagles could do it by air within a fewdays!"    As he shouted, Bilbo ducked to cover under the table, covering his headwith his hands and looking alarmingly towards the ceiling.  Seeing allthe quizzical glances turned towards him, Bilbo explained that it was ahabit he had developed near the end of his first adventure, but wouldnot give any details. In the ensuing confusion, everyone forgot aboutGloin's suggestion.    While everybody was deep in thought about who should go, Gloin repeatedhis suggestion, with the expected results, but this time Lego-lassanswered him: "I saw the eagles on my way here; they said that they wouldbe delayed because of turbulent air masses.  They also said that theyknew how urgent it was for whoever was to leave with the ring to leave,so they would try and find him in the wild to bear him with all duespeed to his goal.'  So everybody fell back in deep thoughts.     At this moment, Frodo woke up and exclaimed: "I need a deferment!!!"    "Ah, yes, I remember your insignificant friend Pipsqueak mentioning this," replied El Rond.  "I will give you your deferement in exchange for alittle service..." Then El Rond went into a complex story thatcompletely confused Frodo so he agreed to sign the paper even though itinstatly transferred all of his assets to El Rond as soon as he claimedhis new estate.  El Rond also composed another letter giving Frodo 10years to claim his estate (he wanted to be on the safe side, you neverknow with absent minded hobbits...).  But all this El Rond did on onecondition: that Frodo would bring his Ring to the fire where it had beenmade, and that he would cast it into it.  All of the conditions wereaccepted by Frodo, so he was given a few tips and pointers for hisjourney, the main one being to fear and be extremely careful around thefire, for it was in a mountain called Mount Viagra.    "But you can't let him go alone!" cried Sam, who had been eavesdroppingwhile doing a bit of gardening outside the window.    "No we can't, and you at least will go with him," said El Rond.    "A nice pickle we've landed ourselves in," said Sam. "A nice pickle, andthat's a fact."
   Later that day, after a couple of dinners, the hobbits held ameeting in Bilbo's room.  Morrie and Pipsqueak were angry when theyheard that Sam, having been eavesdropping outside the Council, hadbeen chosen as Frodo's companion.   "It's so unfair," said Pipsqueak between two seed-cakes.  "Insteadof cutting off his ears as a warning to the lower classes againstlistening in on their betters, El Rond rewards him for hispresumption!"  Morrie had explained to Pipsqueak about thefreely-growing Cannabis Sativa probably found in the South, andPipsqueak was as eager to go there as Morrie was.   "We should all go," said Bilbo.  "Winter is coming on, and spendingit under a warm sun would do my old bones quite a favour.   When the North Wind rules the land     and sleeting snows tear face like sand   when Sun is seen an hour a day     'tis best to be quite far away.Not that it is cold and drafty in El Rond's House; quite the contrary.But the out-houses are just that - out-houses, and not heated."   The Hobbits spent several weeks at Rivendell, wondering why it tookso long to decide who were to go South with Frodo and Sam, and so longto get started.  But they didn't fret.  For one thing, Frodo consentedto lending the Ring to his hobbit friends now and again, including toBilbo on one occasion.  Since hobbits are so singularly capable ofsneaking, unseen and unheard, El Rond never found out about it.  Nordid Gandalf, which would have been disastrous: wizards are wed tocelibacy in a way far more fundamental than Frodo had been untilrecently, and he would have been certain in his envy to direct ElRond's attention towards the adventurous hobbits' adventures.  Luckilythe deceptively perceptive wizard was busy in conference with El Rondmost of the time.  Occasional nightly clinking of glass and sagging,blood-shot eyes in the mornings indicated to the hobbits what the twowere sometimes conferring about.  Strider was gone, officially in thecompany of El Rond's two sons.  Where Arwen was, nobody knew.Officially.   Still, autumn was fading into winter.  The nights outside becamecrisp and cloudless, and ghoulishly cold upon the bare earth; and theybecame long.  When it was not Frodo's turn to have the Ring, he oftenstood outside watching the stars.  Particularly the constellation ofCassiopeia intrigued him, having nearly the same name as someone hehad known (or tried to know).  One of the elves told him that theconstellation was supposedly the throne of the beautiful princessCassiopeia, but the recently awakened Frodo quietly disagreed.   One day he asked Gandalf about the Ring.  "Why is it that the Ringconfers invisibility only to some who wear it?  I become invisible,Bilbo became invisible, but I noticed that Sam did not on the occasionwhen he lent it."   Gandalf shrugged.  "It's just the way of the Ring," he said.  "Somebecome invisible, some do not."  He refrained from offering hisopinion: since the Ring was a tool of seduction, it would conferinvisibility to those with faces like last week's manure with maggotsin it.  Those with plain or even beautiful faces would not need theirfeatures to be hidden from the eyes of the seductees.   "Are you coming too," asked Frodo.   "I believe I am, but I am not sure," replied the wizard.   Frodo, who was not altogether thrilled at the prospect, asked: "Whyshould you go?"   "To keep an eye on the Ring, of course, and the Bearer."  ButGandalf did not reveal the secret reasons why both he, El Rond, andAragon were so eager to see the Ring destroyed:   To Gandalf, forced to remain celibate by his profession, the Ringwould be but a penis-ring, tormenting him with its very availabilitywhile it existed, and the opportunities it offered.  El Rond suspectedwhat was happening in his House by the power of the Ring.  His wifebeing long gone, he disliked the thought of other people getting whatwas no longer available to him.  And as for Aragon, he hated andfeared the thought that it might come between himself and Arwen.   The hobbits had spent the most pleasant two months of their livesin the House of El Rond, when the scouts began to return.  Travellingundercover, they had searched diligently for the nazdaq, but neitherthey nor the G-men of Sauron had been found.  Only those who had goneWest brought tidings of trouble, from The Forsaken Inn, from Bree andfrom the Shire, where irate mobs were searching high and (most often)low for Frodo and his companions.  But since they were not headinghome, this did not trouble them much as yet.   El Rond summoned them to him.  He looked searchingly at Frodo, whoreturned an innocent look.  "The time has come," he said.  "It is hightime that the Ring leave this house.  Not just you, but the Ring also.We agreed, remember?"   "Yes," sighed Frodo.  "I will go with Sam."   "Then I must appoint your companions," said El Rond.   "How about Sam, Margarita, and young Findu-lass", thought Frodo,but he was wise enough not to think it aloud.   El Rond said: "Nine shall you be: Nine Walkers, to oppose the NineNazdaq men, who are evil.  With you, as your leader, shall Gandalfgo."  Unspoken: "...to keep an eye on you, that you don't slip out ofour agreement."  Spoken: "For the rest, I shall appoint members of theother Free Peoples: Elves, Dwerrows, and Men."   "And Women," said Arwen, who was standing a little away.  El Rondignored her routinely.   "With you shall go Lego-lass for the Elves and Giggly for theDwerrows.  Two Men shall go: Aragon and Boromir™.  Boromir™ has foughtSauron before, and knows the procedures of his police force."Unspoken: "And I really need to get Aragon away from my daughter."  ElRond did not know how patently too late that was.   "That leaves two," said Frodo.  "I know that Morrie and Pipsqueakare willing."  Oh yes, both willing and able.   "And I am willing to send them," replied El Rond darkly.  Morriesnickered behind his face, with practiced skill.   The Sword of Elendil was reforged by Elvish smiths.  Not only didthey put the two pieces together, which requires great skill if thejoint is to be as strong as if the blade were newly-forged, but withthe improvements in metallurgy which had been make during themillennia, they shaved a pound and a half off its weight, yet leavingthe blade far stronger and less brittle than it had been before.   In Bilbo's room the old hobbit was busy giving Frodo advice.  Frodowas busy feigning attentiveness: Bilbo was now an old hobbit, and hestill had a bit of fortune.   "What about that sword of yours?" Frodo said suddenly.  "Mine brokewhen I was cutting a slice of bread with it, and since you are notcoming, you won't need yours."   "Forget it, young rascal," answered Bilbo.  "It's been with me fora long time, and it's dear to me."   "And your mail-shirt?"   "Frodo, my lad!  Why are you trying to get worldly things out ofme?  Don't you know that advice is the best that a hobbit of my agecan give to you?"  Then he continued lecturing Frodo on the merits ofstealth and burgling.   With his mouth Frodo said: "I cannot even begin to thank you for this store of wisdom that you give to me."   In reply, Bilbo sang:   I lie upon my bed and miss     the things that I have done   with every lovely lass I've kissed     and more - with every one.   I walk upon the fragrant grass     recalling seasons gone   recalling everything that was     recalling actions done.   I look into the fire and see     myself when I was strong.   Whatever will become of me     at death?  That won't be long.   I look into my room and there     are many things I stole.   But now I have a mounting fear:     a six feet, yawning hole.   Thus singing, he suddenly nodded off.  Frodo, taking some ofBilbo's advice, helped himself to what Bilbo had refused to give him,and tiptoed out of the room.   It was a cold evening in the cold end of December when the Companyset out.  Only the four hobbits were (moderately) high-spirited: theirmood had been boosted by much that had been given them, without ElRond's knowledge, although they of course regretted having to leavethose givers behind.  Boromir™ had another way to improve his spirits.   He raised his horn.  "Always before setting out on a journey I dothis," he said.  He put his horn to his lips.  Then, "glug glug glug."He grinned.  "You didn't seriously think that I use this horn to playmusic or battle-blasts, did you," he said as he refilled it from ElRond's farewell barrel of Margarita.  Gandalf looked at himappraisingly: wizards, too, like to have stores of liquor with them;and the store in Gandalf's huge wizard's hat was enough to float aboat, or in other words, almost his fill for one evening.   "You said that we were to be nine, Master El Rond," said Frodo."But here is Gates the ass with us, and that makes ten.  We reallyshould leave him here.  I'll go down to three silver pennies."   El Rond just looked at the animal in disgust.  To Frodo: "You donot have three silver pennies."  Actually Frodo did have more thanthat, recently acquired; but he was not going to let El Rond (or Bilbo)know this.  El Rond addressed the Company.   "The Ring-bearer is setting out on the Quest of Mount Viagra.  Onlyon him is any charge laid: neither to cast the Ring away, nor let anyoutside the Company or myself handle it, nor sell it.  The rest of theCompany may follow him as long as chance allows or their travellingcheques last."   Now many cheerless days and weeks followed.  They made camp duringthe day, lighting no fire, hiding from spies and elil.  During thedark hours they walked as swiftly as they could, stopping only to passhraka now and again.  The icy wind made that very uncomfortable.  Theyalways buried their hraka, to leave as few traces as possible for elilto follow.  Without Gandalf's margarita, which he grudgingly doled outon rare occasions, the others would have found the journey unbearable.   Their first serious adventure after leaving Rivendell happened oneevening, when they saw a knight come thundering towards them frombehind a nearby rock.  Another followed swiftly behind; he bore aspear in his left hand, and his right one was missing.  They wereriding rather fast horses, and couching his spear, the foremost oneaimed it at Lego-lass.  "Ai, ai, Sir Breuse Sans Pité is come," shecried.  But Aragon leaped towards the approaching knight, beheadinghis horse with his sword.  Sir Breuse tumbled to the ground.  Theother knight couched his spear with some left-handed difficulty andaimed it at Aragon, but Boromir™ leaped forward, cutting off hisremaining hand.  "As Sir Blyaunte cut off Sir Bartelot's right hand,so I have cut off his left one," said Boromir™.   Morrie, true to his character, leaped forwards and aimed a savagekick at the stunned and prostrate man's voonerables.  Immediately thetittering of the other hobbits and the pain in his toes made himrealize that, when kicking a man's voonerables, waiting until that manhas had his bloody plate armour removed is a good idea.  Especiallywhen you are a barefooted hobbit, and not a heavily-booted little manof the Night Watch.  He shot a venomous glance at Pipsqueak.  "Eathraka, Pipkin!"  Pipsqueak stopped laughing immediately, clenchinghis fists and baring his front teeth.   In the meantime, Aragon had unlaced the fallen man's helmet andbeheaded him.  And some miles behind them, a female figure looked ather fiancé with surprised appraise.  "So there is some spunk in thatclod after all," she thought to herself.   "Who was that man?" asked Pipsqueak.   "That was Sir Breuse Sans Pité," replied Boromir™.  "The worstcoward and murderer who ever put a 'Sir' before his name.  Heespecially enjoyed killing ladies.  Aragon must have avenged a wholeschoolful of them with that stroke."   "What does 'Breuse Sans Pité' mean?"   "It means 'the pitiless bruce'," said Frodo, "unless my Australianis off the mark."   As the Company settled under their blankets after that night'smarch, Morrie heard Sam singing, a single line:   ...for he knew his toes could feel it...   An almost inaudible snickering told him that Frodo and Pipsqueakhad also heard that.   Some days later they saw the Misty Mountains marching almoststraight across their path.  Nearly due south three mountains aroseabove the main ridge.  Giggly began to smile warmly.   "There they stand, the three mountains of Moira," he giggled.  "Oh,Khazad-Mum, the Dwerrow-wench, who is called the Golden Pit.  Aboveher house stand the three peaks erect: Barazinbar the Hardhorn,Zirak-Zigil the Silverthrust, and Bundushathûr the Risinghead.  Longhas she been absent from her house, we know not where though we knowwhy."   "Why?" asked Pipsqueak.   "She was the undying wife of the Dwerrowen kingdom under the threemountains," replied Giggly.  "But then, many lives of ordinaryDwerrows ago, a terrible menace was awoken as the Dwerrows weredigging in the mines beneath the house.  The people were scattered,and Moira lost."   "The wife of the Dwerrowen kingdom?" whispered Sam to Frodo.   "Yes, the Dwerrows do tell strange tales concerning their lives andfates in this world," replied Frodo.  "It is nothing compared to thereligious practices of certain pagan peoples of Men."   "It is for the Dim Rill dale between the three mountains that weare making," said Gandalf.  "There is a great ski resort there, on thewest side, where we may rest, and rent skis for the journey across thepass of the Hardhorn Gate."   "For whose money?" muttered Frodo.  "I have none left - that theothers know about, at least.  But many have IOU's with my names onthem, both Underhill and Baggins."   The Company started climbing the pass.  But soon they noticed thatsomething was wrong.  In the far distance they could see the hotel,and ski lifts leading upslope from it.  There should have been smokecoming out of the chimneys, and the ski lifts should have been teemingwith activity, as should the snowy slopes.  But all was still.Huffing and puffing with the exertion (especially Gandalf, the heavysmoker), they reached the front door of the hotel.  There was a signon it:  Temporarily closed by the health authorities.  The sign waswritten both in Westron and in the Black Speech of Mordor, and so theycould guess what the real cause and motive were.  Steel bars behindthe windows prevented them from burgling their way in.  Only Frodobreathed a sigh of relief, as they plodded on.   Snow began to fall, and so did the temperature.  This, however, didnot bother the Company much, except when they had to bare theirbacksides to pass hraka in some nook among the cliffs, wiping withsnow that was happily newly-fallen and soft, not composed of hardsharp grains.  Nor were they troubled much by the rising wind, whichmade the snow swirl.  El Rond had provided them with amply warmclothes, made of double reindeer skins with the inner layer having thehairs inwards: a trick learned from the Lossoth.  Even the hobbits hadput on soft boots of that make, except Morrie, who wore steel-cappedboots like Strider.  Worst was the loss of visibility, but both Aragonand Gandalf had been that way before, and did not need to see theirroad much ahead to follow it.  But other perils did the cruel passhave in store for them.   The wind wailed among the stones.  Rocks came crashing down fromthe unseen heights above.  Gates the ass shivered and gibbered, andonly with threats and continual booting did they get the animal tomove forward.  "This is a weather for penguins, not asses," mutteredSam.   Eerie noises began wailing, shrieking and laughing maniacally.Exclamation marks came in fives from the darkness around them.  Thehobbits grew uneasy.  "Is it the stallo we hear?" asked Pipsqueak."Or a sort of draug of the mountain?"  But he was not answered.   Suddenly a gigantic dark figure loomed in the path just beforethem.  They stopped dead, and two other figures appeared beside thefirst one.  The dark figures strode forwards, appearing to shrink insize but becoming sharper as they came closer, until before them stoodthree customs officials with leering grins.  "I feared this,"whispered Gandalf.  "These roving bands of customs officials andimmigration authorities often haunt this pass.  It is difficult topass them by."  Unless you leave them all your liquor and tobacco,and don't belong to some minority.  But who will lose his liquor andtobacco to these creatures?  Certainly not I.   "So," sneered the foremost figure.  "Anything to declare?"   At once the Company began shouting abuse at the obnoxious men inuniforms.   "Abusing government officials, eh?"   Suddenly Aragon, Boromir™ and Gandalf leaped forward, Giggly andLego-lass following.  There was a short, sharp affray, and soon thecustoms officials lay bound and gagged beside the path.  Morrie, withhis inherited and ferocious animosity towards such creatures, hopedthat their thick greatcoats would not keep them from freezing to deathin the blizzard.  He made sure to kick them in the voonerables, hardand cruelly, this time with boots on, and his victims without platearmour.  Sam was little less hateful towards them, representatives ofan oppressive bourgeois State as he perceived them to be.  The samewent for Frodo: he saw them as representatives of Communist oppressionand control of free citizens.  The Company helped themselves from thepockets of the customs officials, and moved on.  But the respite wasshort.  Other such bands lay in wait further up.   "Anything to declare?"   Sock bam bonk   Rummage   Plod plod plod   "Anything to declare?"   Sock slam grind ouch   Rummage   Plod plod   "What's in your packs then?"   Bonk bang oof ding you big oaf   Soon it became obvious that they could not continue that way.There were too many such bands, and they increased in size as theCompany ascended towards the crown of the pass that marked the borderbetween Eregion and Wilderland.  Soon, if they continued, they wouldbe overcome, thrown in the slammer, and have all their contrabandseized.  The last few bands of customs officials had looked with scornand contempt at the hobbits: "Well what have we here?  Minorities?Look rather minor to me."  Sock sock aargh boink bang sod youchtong - rummage   They stopped beneath a half-shelf that offered some shelter fromprying eyes.  There they spent the remainder of the night, cold butnot altogether cheerless.  At least this good had come of theirencounters with the roving bands of customs officials: they had someloot to examine and divide.  It wasn't much.  The wandering tribes ofcustoms officials of the Misty Mountains, while seizing anything inthe possession of anything with a pulse, a flask and a purse, wereequally wont to spending it again swiftly.   It was Morrie who discovered the most valuable treasure.  As he,his back towards the rest of the Company, was rummaging through someof the take, he found a little plastic bag with some dust in it.Great was his pleasure when he discovered it to be a teaspoonful ofVala dust, a very powerful narcotic.  Great was his chagrin when, ashe was gloating over his prize, Pipsqueak, peering over his shoulder,gleefully announced his find to the others in that loud, high-pitchedvoice of his.  Morrie was forced to share.  It was something which hehad never understood the point in - when it was his belongings beingshared.   Gandalf forbade the Company to use any of the precious dope at thattime and place.  "We are high enough up as it is," he said.   "I wasn't going to use it myself," Morrie sulked.  "Some of usknow how dangerous that stuff is."   Morning came, revealing black specks further up the path.  Aragon,experienced smuggler as he was, knew them for more customs officials."We cannot go that way," he said.  But turning back down, the Companyencountered the largest and fiercest band of customs officials thatthey had yet met.  Standing a furlong down the path, they grinnedexpectantly as the Company approached.  Their leader strode forwards.In his hands were visa waivers, green and menacing, slips of stiffpaper almost like cardboard.  "Halt," he said.  "You must first fillin these, if you want to pass."   They took the visa waivers, and wearily they started filling themout, none too truthfully.  The leader of the customs officials watchedthem writing, closely.  Then he collected the waivers and examinedthem.   "Hold!" he shouted.  "These are filled out in the wrong colours!It has to be with yellow ink, signatures in red!  You have written thewhole lot in black or blue.  At it again!"   Boromir™ looked at Aragon.  Aragon looked at Boromir™.   Crash bang ouch splotch bang slam crack   Pant pant   Grind kick hate snarl biff sock pant bite sock   Pant   Rummage   Finally the road was clear.  Green visa waivers, many of them tornto confetti, lay scattered upon the path or fluttered in the lightwind that came down from the pass.   The Company began descending the path again.  The customs officialsof Charadhras had defeated them.  This time.   A slender figure slid quietly into hiding between two boulders,watching them pass by.  In her pockets were a few items which theCompany had missed in the dark when rummaging through the belongingsof the customs officials further down.
   It was evening, or close to it, and the sun was nearing thetreetops, when they all trudged to a halt as if by some prearrangedsignal in a small thicket of old and twisted holly.  Gandalf sparedthem one mere mouthful each of the margarita of Rivendell.  The delayin the mountains had forced them to ration out their food, much to thedismay of the hobbits.  When they had eaten their all too meagerdinner, Gandalf called the fellowship to gather round.   "We cannot go further today," he said, "for we still have a greatdeal of loot to sort and divide while it is still light.Nevertheless, we must proceed with clear purpose if we do not wish tobe turned back from our quest once again.  What road shall we takenext?"   Boromir™ spoke first.  "We already know that I alone did notattract the hostile eyes of Sauron or Aruman when I travelled here.Why can we not split into a few small companies and so enter the landof Edoras unremarked?  We could meet at the Gap in Rohan: thehorse-lords are my friends and are in charge of security there.  Oncewe are reunited in inhabited lands, our small party will hardlyattract notice."   "Of course, Boromir™," said Lego-lass, her long ears twitchingin excitement, "it would be even less of a risk for you to ride to theGap yourself and seek aid from your friends there.  The rest of uscould travel south, crossing the Jordan into Lebanon.  You should beable to arrange to meet us there with some spare horses from Edoraswithout attracting any real attention, and we can ride swiftly throughsouthern Gondor™ and reach our goal in a matter of weeks."   The company quickly agreed that this plan was best, and hurried toclaim their shares of the spoils of Charadhras.  Despite their haste,the squabbles lasted far into the evening, and tempers began to runshort.  "Oh, enough already!" cried Frodo.  "We can finish this in themorning; I need to sleep.  Those branches creaking in the wind arestarting to drive me batty."  At these words all fell into silentplots.   Suddenly, Aragon gasped in fear.  "Branches creaking!  Nay!  Thoseare squeaks, all around us.  The Reeps have come west of themountains!"   "Quickly, then, follow me," whispered Gandalf.  "We will form acircle atop this conveniently placed hill.  If we can manage to remainsilent, we may yet evade their hunt."  The company stealthily made itsway to the easliy defensible crown of the hill, and waitedbreathlessly for the deadly Reeps to pass them by.   "I wish I'd stayed home," said Pipsqueak to Sam, quite a bit tooloudly.  "Theese squeaks freeze my blood.  I feel wretched."  As theentire company fixed Pipsqueak in a hateful glare, the nearby squeaksbecame louder and more excited as the hunting troop homed in on hisvoice.  Suddenly, silence fell.   Barely visible in the darkness, a creature stepped forward.  Itstood well over a foot high, and its ears were nearly as long as arabbit's, though wider: the creature resembled nothing so much as awalking rat.  Through the darkness, they could discern at its side atiny little rapier, and as the creature gazed back at them it strokedits long, moustache-like whiskers.  Other grey forms began to appeararound them in the darkness, several dozen at least, and they stoodlike their leader just at the edge of the company's vision.   The rat-thing drew its sword in one fluid motion and raised it inthe air.  It hung there for a minute, and then two, and then suddenlyswept down in a flash.  At that signal, a high, piercing trumpet callsounded, and with a cry from a hundred tiny throats the beasts chargedin with their sharp swords flashing before them.   The battle was swift and vicious: the well-armed rodents danced inand out among the feet of the fellowship, jabbing with their swords.Once his initial fear wore off, however, Giggly began to snicker, andsoon all of the companions were laughing, for despite their greatnumbers the Reeps simply could not make up for their diminutive size.Aragon and Boromir™'s boots dealt death to any that came in range,while Gandalf pounded at them with his staff.  Giggly's axe swept fromside to side like a scythe through grass, and Lego-lass abandoned herknife for the greater entertainment to be had in swinging her bowthrough the horde in broad, bumpy, and very satisfying strokes.  Thehobbits were pressed harder, but even their small size gave them aninsurmountable advantage over their diminutive adversaries, and therapiers of the little beasts were useless against the longer bladesand greater strength of the defenders.  Soon, every last Reep had beenslain or beaten senseless.   The only serious casualty of the attack was Sam: he found himselffaced by the leader of their attackers, and was unlucky enough to losehis grip on his sword long enough to be disarmed.  Naturally heremained unworried: when the Reep charged in, Sam caught hold of itslong tail and began to swing the thing around in circles.  At firstthis went beautifully: the Reep gave a loud "cheep!" as it was caughtand lifted, and Sam managed to use it as a flail to knock several ofits followers senseless.  However, it managed to twist round and giveSam several deep jabs in the hand and arm, and he let the thing gowith a cry in mid-swing.  The beast flew head first into a nearby treetrunk and did not rise again, but Sam had received some nasty cuts andstumbled to bed as soon as the battle was over.   Once their attackers had been for the most part stilled, Gandalffound a dry branch, lit it on fire with his tinderbox, and strodetoward the knot of trees atop the hill.  High in the air he flung thetorch, and as it rose its flame blazed while Gandalf's voice rolledlike thunder:   "Naur basto i narhoth!" he cried.   There was a roar and a crackle as the torch landed in the brush,and the dry trees began to burn hot and bright.  Gandalf turned to thecompany, smiled, and began to roast Reeps at the fire, using theirtiny rapiers as skewers.  The rest of the company gladly joined inthis welcome second (and much larger) supper, and they spent theremainder of the night in good cheer.   Once the sun was well above the horizon, the company began to stiragain.  Even Sam was up and active: a good night's rest was all he hadneeded to recover from his wounds.  He appeared confused, however: helooked in vain for traces of the dead Reeps, but not a hint of thefight remained.  All he could see was a cluster of charred stumps anda neat pile of little rapiers, all intact.  "What happened to all thebodies?" Sam asked with a note of concern in his voice.  "There wereso many of them..."   "Vanished without a trace!" said Pipsqueak.  "They were magicrats."  Sam's eyes grew wide, but then he shrugged, and the companysoon broke camp and followed Gandalf to the south.   For hours on end they wandered and scrambled in a barren country ofworn stones, but for all their effort they could not seem to breakfree from the mountains.  As the day went on, the companions began togrumble about the lack of progress, when suddenly the fellowshiprounded a standing stone to find itself in a small pocket valleyholding a beautiful emerald lake.   "I know this place," cried Giggly, wearing a foolish grin.  "It isthe back-doorstep of our beloved Moira herself; the rear gate of herhouse cannot be far from here.  Gandalf, is this on the way toLebanon?"   The wizard coughed, and looked up at the sun with confusion andannoyance.  "Yes, of course.  That is, I meant to bring us here: theEnemy is sure to expect us to take the easiest route.  To avoid hisgrasp, we must do just the opposite.  Come, we must find the door."   The hobbits stood rooted to the ground in terror: the undergroundhouse of Moira was a shadow of fear from their distant past, a darkname in the ancient legends of their people.  They soon recovered,however, as they were becoming increasingly aware of the fact thatvirtually every place they had ever heard of outside the Shire was adistant shadow in hobbit legend in some way or other.  While none ofthe company were happy about Gandalf's change in plan, they realizedthat they had to follow where he led: he was carrying all of El Rond'smaps.  With heavy hearts, they descended into the valley.   They followed their guide along the thin path between the lake andthe cliff face, huddling away from the water for fear of they knew notwhat.  As they walked, their dread increased, until every melodiousbirdcall made them jump in fear.  The continued around the pool, untilthe path ended against a blank and dirty wall of stone.  "Where shallwe go now, Master Gandalf, sir?" asked Sam with a blend of irony andconcern.   "The Dwarves were never known for their good housekeeping," repliedGandalf, "and not even they have passed this way in a great manyyears.  Dwarf-doors are made to collect a great deal of grime whenshut, but unless things are completely changed, those who know whereto look may discover the signs."  With that, the wizard walked forwardto the wall and began to scrub at it with the hem of his robe.  Soon,the outline of a door took shape through the accumulated dirt ofcenturies.
   Giggly giggled with delight as the gateway to the ancient home ofhis people became visible.  "Look!" he exclamed as Gandalf scrubbednear the bottom of the door, "The Star of the House of Durin!"   "Let us hope that my Arwen never gets any ideas from that!" saidAragon.  "Hmm.  It reads, Welcome to the Akblay Itpay.  The key isunder the mat.  Giggly, what does Akblay Itpay mean?"   "It is an ancient Elvish term, meaning 'Sparkling Lamps'.  TheElves who crafted these signs loved our lanterns dearly when theyvisited Moira's halls.  It was one of Balin's hopes in returning hereto rediscover the secret of those lamps: the Lonely Mountain couldreally use a good product to export, and it would be a great boon totourism as well."  As Giggly spoke, Lego-lass stifled a laugh, andAragon and Boromir™ fought valiantly not to grin.  Gandalf, who hadjust given up scrubbing away grime at the edges of the door, pretendednot to notice and instead stared at the tiny keyhole that he haduncovered on its right hand side.   The hobbits were not paying attention: Frodo and Sam were staringat the lake, watching for the slightest ripple, while Pipsqueakscanned the sky for unknown dangers.  "Gandalf," queried Morrie withnervous urgency, "what does it mean, The key is under the mat?"   "It seems to be some sort of riddle, which we must solve if we hopeto pass through Moira's halls," the wizard replied.  "But its answeris lost in the mists of time, and I must now search my memory to findits secret.  While I think, the rest of you must prepare for thejourney: we must now abandon our ass and share his burdens as best wecan."   "But we can't abandon poor Gates!" whined Sam.  "I've become fondof him despite his problems, and that's a fact.  Anyway, he's almostone of us: he's practically as smart as Pipsqueak already, and hewould have been smarter if Pip had stayed drinking those margaritasfor another couple of weeks.  We can't just leave him to die in theWild!"   Gandalf turned from the door to avert the crisis.  He walked up toGates, laid his hands on his head, and began to chant in a low voice:"Go now with our blessing upon you, to avoid wolves and bears, cliffsand crevices, and all the myriad dangers that await your kind in thewild.  May you find your way in time to safety, wherever that may be,and may your life be long and fruitful."  When he had finished,Gandalf raised his head.  "There, Sam.  Now that he is protected by myspell, he's sure to live a long and happy life.  He'll probably findhis way to live on a vet's farm outside of some town, and rest therehappily into fat old age."   "Thanks," said Sam trustingly.  "I'll miss ol' Gates, but it's arelief to know that he'll be okay."  He and the others then began torearrange their packs, adding what they could of the donkey's burdento their own loads.  They worked hastily, for the nervousness thatgripped the hobbits had spread to the whole company: evening wascoming on, and the hoots of distant owls began to chill their blood asthey worked.   Gandalf, meanwhile, turned back to the door, and soon beganspouting all manner of incantations.  As one after another failed toopen the path into the Dwerrow-realm, he became increasinglydesperate, until he simply began pounding his staff against the rockand yelling "Open, damn you!" in every language he knew.  Finally, hethrew himself to the ground in dispair and began to dig his hands intothe ancient doormat in consternation.   "Ugh!" groaned Boromir™.  "Some dreadful thing is approachingus, I can feel it.  How I hate this foul pool!"  He picked up a largerock near the edge of the lake and hurled it far out into the water.   The stone vanished with a loud splash, and great rippling ringsformed where it had fallen and began to approach the foot of thecliff.  Frodo and Sam screamed in terror as the waves drew swiftlynearer, and the whole company dashed away from the water, over toGandalf at the door.  Just at that moment, Gandalf cried "Aha!" as hisgroping right hand found the hidden key.  He leapt to his feet,unlocked the door, and quick as lightening they all piled inside.  Asthe ripples reached the shore, Gandalf shoved the key back under themat, and Sam had just enough time to shout "Run, Gates!" beforeGandalf yanked the door closed behind them.  It swung to with a loud"click", and moments later they heard something hit the outer wallwith a thump.  The company fled into the darkness.   When they finally stopped, exhausted from their terror and theirflight, Gandalf said, "Well, the passage is locked behind us now, andthere is only one way out: the far side.  I fear from the sounds thatsome horrible snake creature has emerged from the lake and is even nowpiling boulders against the door to prevent all escape: certain deathsurely awaits any who visit this valley now."  In the dim light of hiswand, Gandalf noticed Sam's pained expression, and added, "Don'tworry, Sam: with my spell of protection on him, Gates surely escapedunharmed."   The fellowship marched on through the Dwarven tunnels, but soon itbecame apparent that they would need to stop somewhere for the night.Before long, they reached a three way fork in the corridor, and off tothe side was a small abandoned guardroom.  It was empty, save for thecrumbling fragments of a stone well-lid long since broken.  The emptymouth of the well loomed wide at the center of the room, and as theysettled down for the night, they all stayed as far from it aspossible.   All, that is, save Pipsqueak.  Driven by curiosity, he picked up afair-sized rock and dropped it into the depths.  After a few longheartbeats of silence, a distant flop echoed up the shaft.  Gandalfand the others leapt up in fear, and were little comforted whenPipsqueak admitted what he had done.  Gandalf stood tall and menacingover the diminutive hobbit, and he growled, "Fool of a Took!  Youcould have brought any number of horrors upon us from the depths withthat stone.  This is a serious, dangerous journey, and if you aren'tmore careful, you'll get us all killed."   He took a breath to go on, but suddenly Pipsqueak gave a cry andtumbled into the depths of the well.  As his long scream faded intothe distance, Morrie straightened his jacket and stared down afterhim, until a distant splat marked the end of Pipsqueak's yell.   The fellowship stared at Morrie in horror.  "He was a liability,"explained the Mobster without the slightest hint of emotion.  "Theweak link had to go.  Now, get some sleep and we'll be on our way inthe morning."  Not daring to disagree, the others all quicklyretreated to their bedding, but for several hours only Morrie and Samwere able to overcome their shock and sleep.   As the fellowship slept deep within the halls of Moira, a shapelyform made its way through the night around the edge of the lake.  Asshe approached the door, she realized that a beast was in her way: alarge but sad looking donkey was standing there staring at the closedportal, and from the marks it looked as if the poor animal hadrepeatedly thrown itself against the wall in at attempt to get in.Arwen's efforts to lead it away from the door were entirelyunsuccessful, and after several attempts, she leaned down to the assand said in a fierce whisper, "You're far too big for me push around,so get out of my way or I'll slice you in two."  At that, Gates flednorth around the lake, and disappeared into the night.   With the donkey gone, Arwen was able to make out the writing on thedoor by starlight, and she quickly reached down and found the key.She unlocked the door, only to find someone waiting for her on theother side: standing before her was a short, geriatric fellow with bigeyes and a complexion as light as a computer science grad student."Damn!" the ancient hobbit said, "Greatest opportunity of my life, andI haven't a chance in the world of making you mine, my precious.  Nomore than I would have been able to seduce that square-chinned elvenlass in the guardroom.  Ah well... I'll be on my way.  Thanks foropening that door, missy."   Arwen's mind leapt to a conclusion, and she acted at once.  "Oh, Iwouldn't be so sure," she said, stroking Gulible's arm.  "I've alwayswanted to spend some time with an older man.  I've got a headacheright now, but maybe if you showed me to that guardroom you mentionedI'd be more in the mood.  Sound good to you?"  Gulible's delighted, iflecherous, smile was answer enough, and as soon as Arwen had replacedthe key under the mat the two of them crept stealthily into thedarkness.   All too soon, the fellowship awoke and walked back out to thepassage.  Gandalf stared at the two roads for some time, and consultedwith Giggly about the route, but eventually he said, "I do not likethe smell of the middle way, and I do not like the taste of theleft-hand way: there have been foul feet down there, or I am noguide."  Frodo was quietly sick, while Gandalf went on.  "I shall takethe right hand passage.  It is time we began to climb up near thesurface: with luck, we will find a window that can give us a hint asto where the eastern gate lies."  He started down the passage, and theothers followed, passing one by one under a glowing "EXIT" sign asthey went.   They walked for miles, on and on into the heart of the mountain.Occasionally, Frodo thought that he heard footsteps in the distancebehind them that were not echoes and the occasional clink of metal,but as he could see nothing following he did not alert the others.After a long march, they finally reached a large hall, with many doorsand passageways leading off from it.  Before they had the chance toworry about their route, however, Lego-lass gave a glad cry, for shesaw sunlight filtering into the darkness from a small room off to theside.  Just as the company started to run toward it, however, theyheard a noise coming from that room: taptaptap. tom, tom, tom. taptaptap.  They stopped where they stood, and after a littlewhile the knocking repeated itself.   The company was quite hesitant to approach the odd noise, but tooexcited by the sunlight to flee far, so they simply settled down inthe great hall for a meal.  As they ate, Lego-lass gazed happily atthe sunlight, and said "You know, once some daylight creeps in here,it's not nearly so bad.  What kind of animals could live in this dark,dreary place on lamplight alone?"   At this, Giggly flashed Lego-lass a dark look.  "We were perfectlyhappy living here with shining lamps and not a single window," hesaid, "until you price-fixing monopolist Elves raised the price of oilso terribly high and we were forced to improvise.  Yes indeed, thingswere better for Dwarves back then."  He began a singsong chant:     The world was young, the mountains tall,     No blemish touched the moon at all,     No deeds gave rights to stream or tree     When Durin woke alone and free.     He claimed the unclaimed hills and dells;     He said he owned untasted wells;     He stopped and gazed on Prismstone,     And saw a star appear alone,     Compared to it, all jewels were dim,     That stone, he said, belonged to him.     The world was fair, the mountains black,     The kids those days did not talk back,     The weather then was nice and mild,     Good fruit and grain grew in the wild.     The laws were good, the Cubs could play:     The world was fair in Durin's Day.     The king he was of all there is     And everything, he said, was his     From gold and gems beneath the earth     To every child upon its birth.     On light of sun and star and moon     All paid a tax, lest they be hewn.     'Cause he was first, he got to say     How lesser beings spent their day.     They hammer on the anvil smote,     They chiseled, 'graved, and tended goat,     They hunted game, they cut down trees,     And for the privelege they paid fees.     Each ruby dug, each pearl found     With all these was great Durin crowned.     Police and army did his will,     And dissidents did Durin kill.     Unwearied then were Durin's folk,     For they of work did not a stroke,     but profited from Durin's claim     to own each thing that had a name.     The world is grey, the mountains cold;     Though Durin's claims on paper hold,     The Elves go West, the Men grow rich,     But Durin's folk are forced to stitch,     And dig, and build, and spend our gold;     No rest is there for young or old.     But though our history be unknown,     We gaze upon the Prismstone;     There lies our star in crystal deep,     No matter who its deed does keep.   When Giggly finished, Boromir™ was quite appreciative.  "Bravo!"he cried.  "We know many classic tales about the Dwarfs in Gondor™.A happy people oft-mentioned in our legends, ever cheerful and proneto great labours and song."   "We... dwarfs... have heard about your so-called 'legends',"Giggly replied, quietly and with unusual venom, "and I've got to tellyou: they make me want to retch."   At last, the company finished their luncheon, and they steeledthemselves to face the strange noise, which they continued to hearoccasionally as they approached: taptaptap. tom, tom, tom. taptaptap.The light grew brighter, and they passed through the stone door into a large square chamber.  The floor was littered with a great many brightly colored objects, but their eyes had not yet adjusted to the sunlight and they could not at first make out their shapes.  The light from the window fell directly onto a large table in the center of the room: a single rectangular block about two feethigh, upon which was laid a great, irregular slab of grey stone.   "It looks like a tomb," said Frodo, as he struggled to decipher themarkings before him.  On the slab, crude runes were deeply gouged.   "These are Dwarvish runes, but in the debased mode of Mordor," saidGandalf.  "Here is written, in the tongues of Dwarves and Orcs,             BALIN SON OF FUNYUN               'LORD' OF MOIRA   "He is dead, then," said Frodo.  "I feared it was so."  Gigglybowed his head and covered his face.  As if the very stones sharedtheir grief and dispair, a final, faint noise welled up from beneaththe slab: tap tap tap. tom. tom. tom. tap tap tap.   Deep beneath the mountain, Pipsqueak trudged up and up, leaving atrail of dripping ooze behind him.  Although he knew that the enormousbloom of algae and cave kelp beneath the shaft had broken his fall andundoubtedly saved his life, he still wished that he could have landedin something that didn't smell so loathsome.  As it was, he was simplydoing his best to follow the occasional "EXIT" signs in the hallswhile not stumbling into another well.   Suddenly, as he turned a corner, Pipsqueak came face to face with apatrol of goblins.  In despair at his horrid luck, he gave a low moanand stumbled toward them.  Had he not been covered in slime from asubterranean fen, things may have gone quite badly for Pipsqueak, butfaced with a foul-smelling beast from the uncharted depths of themines the goblins screamed and fled back the way they had come.Pipsqueak knew that he only had a few minutes before they returnedwith reinforcements, so he took off running toward a distant "EXIT"sign to get what little lead on the pursuit he could.
   The Company of the Ring stood silently beside the tomb of Balin. Frodo recalled the Dwarf's visit to Uncle Bilbo long years ago.  In thedusty chamber, it seemed a thousand years ago and yet all too near.   "You," started Frodo nonchalantly, "You don't suppose...."   tap tap tap went the tomb.   "Oh, I seriously doubt it," Gandalf chuckled nervously, "Heh....thatis..."   Tap tippity tip tap.   TAP.   The company looked about them anxiously and Giggly spied a wornleathern tome half-hidden in a nook.  "Gandalf, here!"  the Dwarf cried."See what I've found!"   "Ah, excellent, Giggly!"   Gandalf rushed to the Dwarf's side, onlytoo happy to put unpleasant surmises out of mind. "This-is-what-a-wizard--is-for-now-let-me-see.. Ha, ha....."   "But, Gandalf,"  said Aragon, "what about this tomb?"   Tappity tappity tap?  added the cold stone.   "Hmm, yes, very interesting indeed, my good Giggly!  Seems to be somesort of log book.  Let's see what it says here...it's some kind of runicwriting.   Good thing I'm here, eh, Giggly?  Good at runes, are wizards,eh?"   "Gandalf!"  Lego-lass threw a small stone at the wizard's back.  TheCompany (minus wizard and Dwarf) were becoming quite annoyed.   "Well, seems the roof isn't quite as stable as I thought,"  saidGandalf brushing the pebble-dust from his shoulder. "Ah, yes, here weare, Giggly.  These are the records of the Taking of Moira."   "Think we ought to pry up the stone?"  asked Boromir™.   "I dunno," said Aragon.   "What's to lose?"  put in Lego-lass.   "Our lives,"  added Morrie.  Lego-lass sighed and the others milledabout in indecision.   Tap tip tip tap.   "Yes, here we are.  I can just make out these runes here:   "We drove out many goblins from the gate - then something something,We have taken Moira for ourselves.  Great wealth was found yesterday aswe plundered her treasures.  Balin is the Master of Moira - the next fewpages seem just to be more innuendo..... AH, here's the last bit - No moretoys!  We have toiled long enough for our Elven masters!  Though theyhave used goblins against us, their plans are revealed at last!  We haveended our slavery in the Yule toy mines.  Revolution!  Balin has ledus.  Long live the fighters! - more patriotic twaddle here - Balin hasfallen.  We are being routed and already the dreaded Master's Drums areheard.  Drums, Drums, drums in the deep.  Redundancy withinredundancy....He is coming..."   "A dark end," sighed Giggly.   "So it would seem,"  said Gandalf. "But my mind misgives.  WhatMaster does the scribe refer to?  Elvish sweat-shops and a hiddenMaster of Moira.  Very deep waters indeed, my good Dwarf."   Tap tippity tap.  Oh, will they never hear?   "I fear we must leave at once," announced the wizard to the Companystill staring at the tapping tomb of Balin.  "I feel that we are ingrave danger!"   "Yes, speaking of graves,  Master Wizard - " started Boromir™.   "We've no time!  Follow me, all of you!"  With that the wizard dashedout of the hall.  The others reluctantly filed out after him.  Morrietailed the company and he faintly heard a muffled voice callingdesperately from the tomb as he left the hall.  Serves him right!  theMobster thought to himself.   They entered a vast and magnificent hallway.  On either side of thehall were incredibly detailed columns carved in the forms of trees thatgrew upon the mountainside above them.  Others had representations ofElves in festive garb and young children with seasonal treats in theirhands.  In the hundreds, the magnificent posts lined the hallway.  Thecompany looked about themselves in awe.  Giggly tittered in delight atthe work of his fore-fathers.   "I know now where we are," said Gandalf, "this is the Hall ofMarzipan.  We are now very close to the exit we seek.  Across the halland up the long stair and out!"   He had hardly uttered these words when there was a great noise:  arolling Boom that seemed to come from the direction they had justfled. They sprang to the door and wedged it shut.  They heard a noise ofmany feet and many fell cries coming towards them.   Pipsqueak was exhausted.  He had climbed the ladder to what seemed atrap-door to a chamber above him.  Indeed it was such, but his smallarms could not reach far enough to push upon it. He heard the voices ofhis companions on the other side, but dared not cry out lest he becaught by the patrolling Goblins.    In the end he had climbed back down the ladder to fetch  the skeletalarm of a Dwarf corpse that had tumbled down that ladder.  With many an"Ewww!" he managed to free the bones from the desiccated figure andclimb back up the steps.  He tapped as loudly as he dared for whatseemed eons to his straining muscles.  He tried every 'jail code' Morriehad taught him after the Mobster's first stint in the joint, but to noanswer.   Finally, Pipsqueak climbed back down the tall ladder in dismay andfatigue.  As he reached the bottom, he heard the staccato tattoo of awar drum and the sound of many goblin voices.  Desperately, he lookedabout him for an exit, but found only dark corners littered withcorpses.  He made for one of these and dived on top of one and hoped tobe mistaken for a dead dwarf.   The room filled with marching goblins all making for the ladder. They charged up the steps with evil cries and forced the trap-door openwith a resounding Boom and poured through high above the quakinghobbit.  Last to ascend were two small drummer goblins and on theirheels, huge stone Trolls snickering and driving them on with foul words.    They had not seen Pipsqueak.  After the last of them had gone throughthe trap-door, Pip cautiously made his way up the ladder.   "They are coming!"  shouted Lego-lass. Pah-rum pah, pum-pum camethe drums.   The others started for the exit knowing they could never make such along run ahead of their pursuers.   In the middle of the hall, Gandalfturned and struck the floor behind them with his staff.  A great fissureopened and with words of incantation (and a healthy dose of spirits fromhis hat-flask), the wizard created a great inferno within the crack hehad opened.     As the flames took hold, the first of the goblins poured through thedoor.  He made straight for Frodo holding aloft a great stick.  Hehurled it with great might and it struck Frodo square in the chest. Lego-lass gasped and went to him.  Aragon waited until the Goblin wasjust within reach and swept its head from its shoulders with one mightyswing of his sword.  Boromir™ had also cut down many Goblins as theycame near the fissure, but they all retreated as the flames finally cameto full life and sprang up in a deadly dance.   "Just through here, you say?"  asked Arwen, panting audibly.   "Yesssssss, precious," replied Gulible, "the guard room you lookssfor."   "We've been at this for hours!"   "Now we wants our reward, naughty little Elf Girl,"  Gulibleslavered in expectation of nubile, immortal flesh at his lips.   "Very well, then, Gulible,"  Arwen stood and unzipped her jerkin. Gulible held his breath.  "I have your reward here for you."  Shereached into the bosom of her jerkin and struck Gulible right in hisvoonerables with one swift cick from her steel-toed stiletto hikingboots.  Swiftly stooping to catch the fainting hobbit lest his fallshould rouse unwanted attention, Arwen settled the ancient creature intoa nook.   With catlike movements, Arwen moved to the door and eased it open. On the other side she saw the backs of two goblins and beyond a greatfray before a blazing fire.  She drew out two razor thin daggers hiddenin her midnight locks and silently sent them into the necks of thegoblins before her.  They crumpled soundlessly to the floor.  Arwen moved forward into a vast hall lined with some truly magnificentcolumns.  In the distant center of the hallway, a great fire blazed andmany goblins were milling and shouting before it.     Hmph!  Arwen thought to herself. 'Guard Room' indeed!  That foulhobbit was setting me up.  Arwen moved forward and unsheathed her elvenlong sword which glowed with white light.  She stopped and stared at theblade.   It shouldn't do that,  she thought, only one of the elder godswould.... cause.....   Arwen sprinted into the hall with her heart pounding in dread.   "Why did I delay!" cursed Gandalf. "We'll be trapped here just as theDwarrow were.  Run for it, all of you!"   Even as the company turned from the fiery blaze that held the goblinsin check, others came from separate ends of the hall flanking andpinning them.  Boromir™ met them in beserker rage and dealt many todeath with single, mighty blows of his sword.  Giggly hewed two with hisstout axe.  Aragon joined them and soon the threat was gone in one ickymass at their feet.   "Gandalf!  See!"  cried Lego-lass at Frodo's side.   "Is he hurt?"  shouted the wizard.  "Let me see him!"  He knelt at thehobbit's side and began searching his chest until checked by Frodo's ownhand.   "Do not worry, Gandalf,"  Frodo said, "The ring is safe."   "I.... I was checking you for wounds!  I marvel that you are alive, myfriend."   Frodo eyed the wizard with trained malice and Gandalf smiledsheepishly in return.   "See here!" Lego-lass was untying a note from the stick at Frodo'sside.  The others in the company came to Frodo to see if he was indeedall right.  Bugger, thought Sam to himself.   "We have been served,"  said Gandalf, "This is a summons from my oldmaster, Aruman/Saruman.  He has set up court for the minions of Sauron. It's a subpoena to appear before him and give account of the ring!  Damnhim!"   Rum Pah-pum, pum the drums tolled out through the hall.   Arwen was almost to the rear of the goblins by the fire and was yetunseen.  She drew out her mini-crossbow and fitted the tethered arrowshe kept strapped to her left leg.  A goblin turned her way and sheinstinctively fell into a roll to avoid the vicious slash of thegoblin's blade.  She slashed deep into the goblin's groin with a daggerand came up kneeling, took careful aim at the arched roof, and fired herarrow.  It lodged far above and the tether was taut in the handle ofthe crossbow.  She fitted it quickly to her back and whirled her bladebehind her just as another goblin was reaching her.  Many others wereadvancing warily towards the elf.   Arwen took a handful of Sindarin throwing stars and unleashed themtogether.  Only a few met their mark, but the others did enough of a jobdistracting the goblins when they exploded with loud pops a secondlater.  The goblins never got to turn back to their quarry; they each fell from vicious strokes from the blade of Arwen.    The now roused rear flank of goblins by the fire pit advanced uponher.  The elf-princess shook her raven, streaming locks from her eyesand braced.  Her eyes blazed with emerald light and her heart pounded. In a wild storm of action, she wove a savage, elegant death among thedozen goblins.   Her elvish blade sang and crimsoned as her enemiescried and clenched taloned hands to their spilling entrails and clovenjoints.  A large spear was thrust at Arwen and she danced out of itsway, spinning with sword braced high.  The goblin's head tumbled to herfeet.     While other goblins shifted warily eying the warrior-princess, Arwentook the tether in hand, sprinted for all her worth in a wide arc andleapt high when the cord caught tight in her hands. She glidedgracefully above her foes and into the recesses of the ceiling.  Fromher vantage point among the pillars of Marzipan, the elf-maid saw thecompany of the ring below her crouched beside Frodo who had fallen, butgotten up.  There you are, my love, she thought, beholding Aragonpatting the halfling about the shoulders.  Very soon, now.  Very soon Iwill be with you.  But the clear light from her dripping sword causedfear to leap into her throat once again.   Pah, rum-pah, pum-pum.  The company had regrouped and were makingfor the stair far to the end of the chamber of Marzipan. Across the longstone bridge they fled nearing the stairs that were still a gooddistance away.  The elf warrior covered their escape as best she could.   Lego-lass knocked an arrow, but she gave a gasp and it fell to theground unloosed.  Two great trolls appeared by the goblins across thechannel of fire bearing large, fell posts.  They flung the ugly stonedown to serve as a gangway over the flames.  But it was not the trollsthat filled the elf with terror.  The ranks of the goblins opened, andthey crowded away, as if they were afraid themselves.  What was comingup behind them could not be seen:  it was like a great shadow in themiddle of which was possibly a man-shape, yet greater.  Much greater.  Adread power seemed to emanate from it and Sam gulped down the urge tocry out.  He looked to Gandalf who had gone ashen as well.   The chamber echoed with a bone-shuddering "HO!  HO!  HO!"   The shape came to the edge of the fire and all light faded as if acloud had gathered.  The trolls chanted foul curses at the company ofthe ring.  As if emboldened by their cries, the shadow leapt across thefissure, flames roared up to greet it and wreathed about it; a blacksmoke swirled in the air.   "Well," muttered Boromir™, "I guess we're way past subpoenasnow."      The shadow-thing burst into fire as it landed and yet remainedunharmed.  Its streaming mane of snow-white locks kindled and blazedbehind it.  In its right hand it held a sword, like a stabbing tongueof fire; in its left it held a whip of many thongs.  The thing wasgarbed all in red velvet and about its head was a floppy red hat.  Uponits feet were two smoldering pink slippers.   "IEYA!"  wailed Lego-lass, "A Balrog!  A Balrog is come!  Nanna -Nanna hey, debush!!"   Giggly stared with wide eyes.  "'Nanna-Nanna hey'?" he askedincredulously of the glistening elf-maid.   "Yes, well..... I was taken aback, you see...", she mumbled.     "A Balrog," said Gandalf, half to himself, "now I understand.  Thisisn't about the Frodo's property at all.  The Clause has arisen!"   The dark figure streaming with fire raced towards them.     "Eat your heart out.  Look at those eyes!" commented Aragon.    "Eyes?  What about that!"  Lego-lass pointed to the great shadowthat followed the panting Balrog.   "Over the bridge!"  shouted Gandalf, "All of you!  This is a foebeyond us all. I must face it alone!"   "But Gandalf!" tittered Giggly.   "Fly, you idiots!"   The hobbits exchanged glances and Boromir™ said, "Eh?"     The Balrog whirled his whip about him as he approached.  The thongsstruck many of the magnificent pillars of the hall setting them alightin his wake and fury.   "Get out of here!  Get out of Moira before it's too late!"  ShoutedGandalf.   "Ohhhh, I get it,"  mused Boromir™ to Sam, "'Fly':  to flee, todepart hastily."   "You're sure you won't come with us?"  returned Aragon.   "Eru-dammit!  Just do as I say!!"  Gandalf whirled upon the company,his full wrath revealed to all.  The group looked upon the quiveringfigure foaming at the mouth and slowly backed away.   "Well, all right then,"  said Aragon, "if you're absolutely sure..."   Gandalf stomped his feet in exasperation. "GO!!!"   "Wait,"  said Sam, "what if we..."   "IF YOU DO NOT LEAVE NOW, SAMWISE, YOU SHALL SEE GANDALFUNCLOAKED!!"   "Ewwww,"  opined Lego-lass.   "Okay, okay, keep your shirt on,"  said Aragon, "we're leaving."  Hemustered the others and shooed them towards the exit.  Giggly,Boromir™, and the hobbits reached the foot of the stairs and turned.    The Balrog reached the bridge with a nerve-shattering "HO! HO! HO!"and all were frozen by that terrible aspect except Gandalf who advancedto the foot of the bridge from the company's side.  Aragon wavedLego-lass to follow him and they approached to just behind Gandalf.  Thewizard drew out his sword which shone with a pure light.  The enemyhalted.  Its slippers smoldered with a foul stench and wreathed theBalrog in a ghastly black vapor.  The shadow poured behind it, like untovast wings. Fire shot from its nostrils and it raised its whip on high. With a crack it sent the thongs flying across the bridge, setting a postbeside Gandalf to flaming.  He ducked out of the way, but held hisground.     "Now that was entirely unprovoked," he mumbled.   "Just look at those wings!"  whispered Lego-lass.   Aragon turned to the elf disapprovingly, "Eh?" he asked.   "Well, see for yourself!"   "I see naught but a shadow like unto wings,"  Aragon commented. "Besides, you ought to know better, being of elven kind."   "Do not teach your betters, manling!"  reproached Lego-lass, "I wasthere when the Balrogs flew - Flew - down upon us at-"  They ducked asyet another post burst into flames beside them.   "You cannot pass,"  Gandalf said to the Balrog.  The goblins stoodquite still and a dead silence fell save for the quiet arguing of Aragonand Lego-lass.  Gandalf shouted, "I am a servant of the Secret Sauce..."   "Those are wings!"  insisted Lego-lass.   "Utter nonsense!  Just a shadow.  Read your lore better, elf!"retorted Aragon.   "...wielder of the flame of Arnor.  You cannot pass!"  Gandalf duckedagain as yet another pillar was set alight by the passing of theBalrog's foul whip.  "This flame war will not avail you, servant ofMattel..."   "Look, " pointed the elf, "see how the wings flap behind him!"   "Shadows dancing in the firelight,"  said Aragon who did not look.   "...Go back to your bed!  You cannot pass!" shouted Gandalf.   "I know the histories as well as you!"   "Obviously not!"   "I WAS THERE!"   "So?  Shadow!"   "Wings!"   "You know, it's sad when a mortal knows your history better than onewho 'was there'."   "Now, just wait a minute!"   By now the hall was filled with flaming posts and the Trolls chantedtheir vulgarities. From out of the shadow, the Balrog raised itsfire-red sword. Gandalf's glittered white in return.   There was a ringing clash and a stab of white fire.  The Balrog fellback and its sword flew up in molten fragments.  Gandalf staggered butremained standing.   Far across the hallway they heard a high voice cry out, "No, Gandalf!"    High in the rafters, Arwen saw a slime and dust covered hobbit runningacross the hallway directly towards the goblins.  She cursed her luckrealizing he was oblivious to his peril in his panic flight towards thewizard.  She gathered up the slack tether in her hands and bounded fromher pillar.   In a wide arc she swung, playing out the tether tautly in hergloves which were quickly being eaten away by its passing.  She pickedher moment and swung round her legs as the arc came to apogee andsnatched Pipsqueak by the collar as she swung back over the fire and thescrabbling hands of the goblins.  Just as their flight brought them tothe shoulder of the Balrog, Arwen loosed the tether and rolled mid-airover the fell beast and came down in a deep roll on the other side ofthe bridge holding tightly to the slimy and screaming Pipsqueak.  Whenshe looked up, Arwen found that all eyes were riveted on the Balrogexcept Aragon and Lego-lass who seemed deep in discussion.   Pipsqueak fought free of Arwen's bosom and made his way hazily towards his beckoning companions at the far end of the chamber.  Suddenly he came to himself and started about.   "Gandalf?"  He stumbled in the wizard's direction.   "Wait, Pipsqueak!"  the hobbits shouted after him from far down thehall.  "Arwen, stop him!"   "Gandalf, don't do it!"  cried Pipsqueak as he sped towards thewizard.  Arwen reached for the halfling, but the slime caused her grip toslip.   "You cannot pass!"  said Gandalf.  The Balrog leapt up full upon thebridge and drew itself up to great height.  Its wings spread from wallto wall...   "See?  Told you, manling!"   "He's just being 'figurative'!"   ...its whip whirling,  lighting the chamber with more flaming posts.   "You're serious?  You do not see its wings?"   "Shhh!  We're getting to the good bit!"   "But-"   "SHHH"   Gandalf raised on high his staff and crying, smote the stone beforehim.  The staff broke asunder.  A blinding sheet of white light sprangup.    "Gandalf!"  At that moment, Pipsqueak barreled into the old wizardfrom behind holding desperately onto his knees.    The bridge cracked.  Right at the Balrog's fast-smoldering pinkslippers it broke, and the stone upon which it stood crashed into thegulf.   With a terrible cry of "HOOOooooooo", the Balrog and its shadowplunged down and vanished.   Gandalf tried to whirl around at the shout of his name, but theimpact of the hobbit combined with his turning sent Gandalf off hisbalance.   "Oh, Gandalf!  Don't do it!"  cried Pipsqueak, letting go of thewizard's knees.  The sudden release of his legs sent the wizard spinningback with his arms flailing helplessly for support.   Gandalf fell backwards over the edge of the chasm with a cry. Pipsqueak blinked.   "All right, smart girl," pouted Aragon to Lego-lass, "If he's got wingswhy doesn't he fly out?"   "Gandalf!"  Pipsqueak sobbed down the chasm.   "Fine!" said Lego-lass, advancing to the pit.  Aragon followed. Leaning over, the elf shouted down, "Gandalf!  Does the Balrog havewings?"   From the depths they heard the faint shout of the receding wizard,"Fly, you fool!  Fly!"   Boromir™ arrived panting.  He had been deputized to find out whatthe hold up was.  Close behind was the disheveled yet stunning Arwen.   "Ah, well, there we are!"  shrugged Lego-lass to Aragon.   "What do you mean?"  replied Aragon.   "Gandalf just said it!"   "No, he said 'Fly'.  What does 'fly' mean?"   "That the Balrog has wings!  He told it to fly:  to save them both,obviously!"   "Hang on," Aragon leaned over the pit and cupped his hands aroundhis mouth.  Before he could shout down to Gandalf he felt a tapping onhis shoulder.  He looked up into Arwen's blazing eyes.   "I think he means us!"  She pointed across the pit.  There they sawthe goblins summoning forth more trolls with posts to use as a bridgeacross the chasm.   "Arwen?" said Aragon in astonishment.   "Yes,"  Arwen beamed with affected cheerfulness, "Hi honey, I'mback!"  Then with ferocity, "Now can we GO?!"   Aragon looked back to the goblins beginning to cross the chasm.  "Oh,right." Man and elf-maidens bolted towards the exit. Boromir™scooped up Pipsqueak like so much dead-meat and ran after them.   Up the stairs the company fled.  Frodo heard Sam giggling beside himand realized he himself was tittering as he ran.  Things were lookingup. Pah, Rum-pah pum-Pum the drum-beats rolled behind, mournful nowand slow; Pum!   They ran on.  Light grew before them and they saw the way out of themountain held against them by two goblins bearing what lookedsuspiciously like subpoenas.  Aragon cleaved the Captain in twain in hisfury.  He was wonderly wroth!  The company swept past the other goblin,paying him no heed.  Out of the gates they ran and sprang down the hugeand age worn stairs.   "Just you wait, halfling,"  whispered Boromir™ to his gentlyweeping burden.  "I marked what you did at the bridge.  Your lot will behard indeed, and you know what I desire!"  Fresh wails were thehobbit's only reply.   At last, the company of the Ring came beyond hope under the sky andfelt the wind on their faces.   They did not halt until they were a goodly distance from the blackmouth of the Gates of Moira, near the Dimrill Dale.   They looked back and beheld the smoke rising from the mouth of Moira.  Far beneath the earth rolled the slow drum-beats; Pah, rum-pahpum-Pum.  Grief at last overcame some of the party, but where sat thehobbits, only feigned sighs of remorse were heard.  Morrie eyedPipsqueak cautiously.  Yes, a great hurdle to Frodo's inheritance wasgone.    Rum, pah-pum Pum.  The drum beats faded.   But Aragon was still among them...
    "I fear we can stay here no longer," said Aragon. Looking at the mountains,raising high his sword he cried: "Farewell, Gandalf! Why did I not warn you: If you pass through Moira, beware!" This produced a suppressed snickering and a "yeah right", but silence returned among the partly griefstricken group when Aragon shot an angry glance in the general direction ofthe hobbits. He decided no to vent any more anger and grief at this point asthey were clearly not shared by all.    The company got up and looked around them. The scenery was as dreary ascould be expected of a ski resort in high season, but still Aragon felt theneed to point out some landmarks. "Over there are the Rimdilstairs. Next to those waterfalls is where we should have come down, had fate been kinder to us."    "Or bureacracy and corruption less rampant," added Giggly. "Curse thosegreedy bastards, waylaying innocent travelers with outrageous visademands!" And he actually looked quite endearing, shaking his cute littlefist, still red from orc blood.    "Well, enough enjoying the scenery. As I am senior, I will lead you now and the next stop is Lorien." Aragon was still annoyed that some in the company suspected him of being less than totally sincere in his grieving forGandalf, and now wanted to drive the ungrateful scum into the ground byforced march.    "Wait up, hoss," said Boromir™. "Who died and made you boss?" For asecond he looked more like a sheep than a 37th generation sheep, coming fromgood sheep stock, bred in good sheep country and genetically engineered tolook and feel even more like sheep than your average sheep. He quicklyovercame his embarrasment and said "Well, okay, Gandalf died, but did he makeyou boss?"    "Actually he did," smirked Aragon, "In closed chambers I wasnamed SiC, in case anything happened to him, like SABOTAGE - " (malicious look at the hobbits) " - or a 5TH COLUMN" (more looks-that-could-kill).    "Oh yeah?! Just 'cause you say so doesn't make it so. Got any proof?"Boromir™ wasn't about to give up now, his foot was so far in his mouth,it couldn't possibly get any worse.    Aragon produced a very official looking document, and the reason it lookedso official was that it was indeed official. It stated that should Gandalffall in any cracks anywhere, Aragon, son of Arathon, the guy with the broken--reforged sword, was to lead the company in his stead. It carried the internationally recognised Veriseal, so it must be OK then.    They followed Aragon down the mountain, some more willing than others.Boromir™ was clearly not happy, muttering something about "sly motherf..always an answer to everything," but the rest of the company ignored him.As they left the East gate of Moira behind them they started encounteringruins of sorts, and Giggly overcame some of his grief as he thought he recognised the surroundings.    "That must be Durin's Stone," he exclaimed, "I can't pass it without looking at the wonder of the valley."    "Be quick about it then," said Aragon, thoroughly enjoying his new role, and starting to wish Gandalf had departed quite a bit sooner. "We'll be safeonce we're in Lothlorien, and Wednesday is meatloafday. We don't want tomiss that." He didn't add that the last thing he wanted was to get hismother-in-law's mother angry by being late, and she was known for hertemper.    Giggly jogged towards the stone pillar, and called for Frodo to follow him.Frodo's upper body was aching from the impact of the orc's stick, but he wasstrangely attracted to the silent blue water, and the scent that hung overthe place.    Together they stood still, for a moment in grave silence, in awe of themoment, and of the history of the place.    "This pillar marks the spot where the Dwarves first erected a McDonaldsconcession. Cholesterol levels have never been the same, but you just can'tbeat that Quarter Pounder cheese, now can you?" Giggly was clearly overcomewith emotion, but Frodo just wished that more of the once proud restaurantremained than the lingering smell of hamburgers and fries.    "Oh Ronald McDonald, succulent and juicy," said Giggly. "There it lies, the Big Mac, until the Power comes back on," and with a bow he left.    "What did you see?" Pipsqueak asked Frodo on his return, but Frodo couldn't bring himself to torment his companion with descriptions of menus and smells, and remained silent.    Aragon now led the company south, over a steep path down. "I will lead you on the road that Gandalf chose," unnecessarily emphasizing himself butwanting to shut Boromir™ and any other would-be contenders up for good."First I hope to get to the woods where the Silverlode flows into the GreatRiver - " he pointed, " - Over There." He immediately realized this didn'tsound very authorative but it was too late.    "Hope? Hope? Do you actually have any idea where we're headed?" askedBoromir™ smugly.    "Wh- when I said 'Hope', I- I- I- meant to- to arrive safely," stammeredAragon, experiencing a sinking feeling not felt since a certain luxurycruiseship thought unsinkable proved not to be. But once again an elf maidcame to his rescue, although this time it was Lego-lass.    "There lie the plains of Lothlorien, fairest of all dwellings of my people.There are no trees in that country - at least there didn't used to be, theywere all cut down, for the leaves of the trees were made into a currency andsubsequently its entire population became millionaires overnight. But theyspent the money well and now they run some of the finest, most exquisitegolf courses in Middle Earth. Teeing off is said to induce a state ofeuphoria, and putting in Lorien is praised above all else in the songs wesing in Mirkwood. My heart would be glad to behold a golf bat in Spring, inLorien."    "It's a club, and I'll be glad even if it were winter. But it's still quite some distance," (again cursing himself for his indecisiveness) "and we have to hurry."    "Do you have to be a member-" Arwen tried to ask, but she was interrupted.    "I have to rest," Frodo cried. The jog with Giggly and the gnawing hungryfeeling the hamburger joint had awoken had compounded the pain in his sidefrom the orc stick, and suddenly his strength was gone. Aragon silentlycursed him for spoiling his planned forced march, but he feinged compassionand ran to Frodo.    "I am so sorry, Frodo! In all the confusion I forgot about your ordeal, and, well, you seemed all right what with how you rocketed up the mountain after Giggly like a decathlon champion on benzedrine. Please forgive my insensitivity. Come! A little further up is a place where we can rest, and I shall tend to your injuries. Boromir™, carry him."    Feeling very pleased with himself for that last command, he turned and led them to a small clearing. A fire was made, and Aragon examined Frodo. Frodo dreaded taking his clothes off. The memory of being taunted mercilessly was enough to make him shudder, but even more he feared that all would discover his theft of Bilbo's unique and priceless mithril mail coat.    "I'm all right," he writhed. "All I need is a McChicken and a Coke." His squirming came as much from the pain as from the image of being exposed as the thieving little sh*t that he now thought himself to be.    "No," said Aragon. "I'm surprised at all that you're still alive after nearly being impaled with that orc twig, and I'd be negligent in my duties as aresponsible leader if I didn't do all that I can to relieve your pain."That sounded quite sincere, if a little contrived.    He carefully removed Frodo's jacket, and started laughing uncontrollably."No wonder it hurts! Giggly, look at what the little hobbit princeling iswearing!" Aragon could no longer control his limbs and fell on his kneeswith laughter. When Giggly approached and saw what made Aragon suffer fits,he also burst out laughing. "What is THAT?! What are you wearing??"Frodo looked at the coat, and saw that it was all rusted, and where thestick had impacted it had broken, the rings being driven into his flesh andthe wound already infecting.    "Wait, wait, don't tell me, it's the coat Thorin gave Bilbo when hesupposedly forgave him on his deathbed. I knew Bilbo was thick, but who'sever heard of a forgiving dwarf, and then one who's been robbed of what heholds dearest in all the world? Come ON! That thing is cursed worse thanTinwelint's treasure! Let alone that it's made of tin..."    "I expected better from you than to accept that as a gift from Bilbo, Frodo. All in Rivendell knew that it was an evil thing Thorin gave to Bilbo." But Frodo was just relieved that everyone in the company assumed Bilbo had given the damn thing to him. He felt better already, and his spirit rose even more when Aragon, feeling magnanimous, decided to allow the company a dose ofVala dust. He could do no wrong after that.    After coming down from their trip, the company ran out of excuses to avoid the forced march Aragon had set his mind on, and so they progressed atneckbreaking speed through the dark. The country passed them by, until agolden flickering seemed to envelop them. They came to a halt, and noticedthat a high dense forest was before them. In the pale light of the starsthey saw that it was the leaves that shone the pale light.    At the edge of the treeline a sign lay on its side, and Aragon stooped and picked it up.    "Lothlorien. Population 23.726 and waning. Galadriel and Dullbornpresiding."    Mystery was written on the faces of Aragon, Lego-lass and Arwen. The hobbits were as usual out of it, Boromir™ smelled another chance to confront Aragon with his (alleged) inadequacies and only Giggly remained relaxed, with a patient, almost serene expression on his face. Vala dust can do that to a dwarf.    "It can't be," said Lego-lass. "There haven't been any trees for as long as my people can rememer, in fact since the battle in which the last Balrogsquadron, led by the Red Balrog with triple wing configuration, was defeated. And where are the fabled golf courses?"    "Don't start that again! I don't know where your precious golf courses are, but I have a feeling we're about to find out," said Aragon. He paused,then added for effect "But it's quiet here, too -,"    "Oh come off it, it's quiet because THERE'S NO ONE HERE! Now let's getpacking, I for one want to see this witch!" Boromir's™ rude interruptionmade Aragon spasm with anger, and it was all he could do to control himselfand not run Anduril through that upstart Steward's heir. That reminded him,he could just fire the moron, and his father while he was at it...    His musings were interrupted by Lego-lass, who with typical Elven delicacywas blundering into the forest, making a raucous like a herd of oliphaunts.The company had no choice but to follow, and so they did. After a short whilethey came upon a fastflowing river, and Lego-lass recognized it as Nimrodel,exclaiming, "Any elf would recognize the voice of this water, we made manysongs about it and the golden flowers that floated in her foaming current."    "Or maybe she knew by the sign here, saying 'Nimrodel'. She's such a bimbo." Arwen was clearly getting annoyed at Lego-lass, for reasons as yet unclear to the company.    "Follow me, guys," said Lego-lass. "The water soothes aching feet, and it's not very deep!" She climbed off the steep bank and disappeared immediatelyin the swirling cauldron. It took the combined efforts of Boromir™ (whoacted before Aragon had a chance to order him), Giggly and Arwen to pull herfrom the freezing water. "Per - Haps -We - Should -Try -At -An -Oth - Er -Cros- Sing," she gulped. Aragon felt his control of the company slipping,and while cohesion had never been a strong point, now it seemed as if thegroup was falling apart. Well, tough.    Lego-lass regained her composure rapidly, in spite of the incessant backbeating by Arwen, who was pretending to help Lego-lass get rid of the waterin her lungs. "Do you hear the voice of - Arwen, will you stop that?! - Thevoice of Nim - Leave me alone will ya?! I can hear the voice of the river,it reminds me of a song my people sing. I will try to translate it intoWestron."    In a soft voice the elf began:          There once was an old elven-maid          With nothing to do all day          Spent time and money on trendy clothes          Just had to have her way          Her hair was white, her limbs were gone          And she was fairly free;          And in the wind her ribcage whistled          Like chimes in a linden-tree          Where now she wanders none can tell          In Bondstreet or Times Square          Her creditcards were all revoked          Her bankaccounts laid bare          A wind by night in Projects-South          Arose, and bad it stunk          Drove shopping trolley thru the street          And she lost all her spunk          Amroth beheld his bankuptcy          And cursed the faithless b*tch          His debt now stacked too high to see          His credit blown to bits          From window high they saw him leap          a sack of flour from a barn          plunge to the streets below, so deep          Ending this sad sad yarn    "I apologise if the translation is less than perfect, but I'm sure you all get the drift of the story. It's very sad, for it tells how greed came to Lorien, when the dwarves wakened bureaucracy and corruption in themountains."    "But the dwarves did not make the bureaucracy and corruption," said Giggly.    "Don't get so defensive, shorty; I never said they did."    Aragon decided this was the moment to reestablish his leadership, and rounded them all up. He led them deeper into the forest, until it became todark to see, and it was decided to make camp. Following Lego-lass' advicethey were about to climb the trees, which seemed the safest place to sleep,when a commanding voice sounded from the trees. Unexpectedly, they had foundelves of Lorien, and they felt safer. As Aragon had a bad case of vertigo,he had no choice but to deputize Lego-lass to talk to them. She disappearedup a tree and came back down after half an hour or so.    "It seems Halfwit, Rummage and Orphan knew we were coming, and anyway, they heard me nearly drown and then cough my lungs out back at the river, so they let us pass. They'll escort us to Galadriel and Dullborn, but because elves hate dwarves - as my dad showed your dad, Giggles - and the Lorien folk have not yet been infected with the Political Correctnes virus, Giggly will have to be gagged, blindfolded and tied to a pole, after receiving the mandatory flogging of course... No, I'm kidding, but a blindfold will be necessary."    The dwarf made no objections, and aside from some torn ligaments and abroken nose there followed an uneventful leisurely walk until Halfwit froze,and the entire company felt the tension.    "Yrch!" said the elf in a hissing whisper, staring into the darkness, andthey heard him sniffing as well.    "What is it? Not orcs, I hope," whispered Aragon to Lego-lass.    "No, he just stepped in some dog doodie. Probably from one of Galadriel's; they tell me she lets those mutts run around free all the time, and this is what you get."    The company tried to walk more carefully after that, but it was no use,sooner or later they all stepped in it, except Giggly, who somehow managedto use the elf leading him as guide to where not to tread.    For that night and the next day they walked, and apart from the occasionalrest, which invariably involved a small picnic (these elves were not used tobingeing Hobbits, and had yet to learn to say No) it was all pretty boring,so a routine evolved whereby one member would talk to Giggly, and another(Morrie volunteered for this more than the others) would curl up into arock-like position, placing himself in Giggly's path. The dwarf's guide washappy to cooperate, and they laughed themselves silly as the poor Dwarftripped and fell time after time, being warned just a little too late everytime. It made time pass by more quickly for all involved.    In the afternoon more elves joined the company, and Giggly's blindfold wasremoved. "Galadriel has personally ordered this. You are the first dwarf tobehold the Course of the Naith of Lorien since Durin's day!"    Before them stretched what must have been the only remaining golf course in the entire elven realm, but what a beauty it was. Its grass was justgreener, its sand was just - well, you know; it was an elven version of aperfect golf course.    "Behold! You are come to Cerin Amroth," said Halfwit. "For this is the heart of the acient realm as it was long ago, and here is the mound of Amroth,where they buried what they managed to scrape off the pavement after hisunfortunate fall."    The others cast themselves down upon the grass, but Frodo had never playedgolf, had never even seen a golf cart, and badly wanted to drive one. Hethought he had managed to sneak away unseen and sat down behind the wheel ofbeautifully cream colored cart, when Aragon sat down next to him. He feltcaught, but Aragon put him at ease.    "This is the best golf course on earth," he said, and added with what canonly be described as a malicious smirk, "and here I scored a hole-in-one forthe first time in my life, and this was before I ever learned to playgolf...You have not scored yet, but your luck may change." And feelingmagnanimous once more, he took Frodo's hand and showed him the way toArwen's cousin's dwellings, and came there as healthy men do.
     The sun was sinking behind the mountains, and it was far too dark toplay golf when Aragon and Frodo cleaned themselves up, got dressed, andwent on again.  Night came beneath the trees as they walked, and lamps ofNoldorin crystal automatically lit up the forest -- though Frodo noticedtheir odd tendency to flicker off as he passed beneath them.     Suddenly they came out into the open again, and found themselvesstaring up at a glittering palace all made of crystal and coloured glass. Delicate spires and tiny minarets of Elven-colour were cleverly woven intoa beautifully designed castle.  A splendid sight.  It was the home ofGaladriel, the Elvenqueen.     Frodo gasped.  "Is this where Galadriel lives?" he asked, disregardingthe previous sentence.     Aragorn shook his head.  "No, this is just the set for a previousmovie, which never got made because of, er, contractual difficulties. Galadriel actually lives over here."  He pointed to a thicket of thebrambly shrubs that the elves name ferlyrn,  upon the highest of which wasperched a rough structure of boards nailed hastily together, with a ropeladder dangling therefrom.  Above the platform was the crudely letteredsign:                  GLADREEL'S TREE HOWS                     (DULBORNS 2!)               POZITIVLY NO DWERWS ALOUD!!!!     Ever since Frodo had set foot upon the far bank of Silverlode, astrange feeling had come upon him; it seemed to him that his head ached,there was a sour taste on his tongue and that now and then lights wouldflash before of his eyes.  Now, as he stood looking up the ladder towardsthe treehouse, a rush like a great green wave drowning the fair land ofNumenor came over him, and he suddenly perceived Reality.     He looked down, and saw that his feet had sprouted roots and weresinking deep, deep into the fertile loam, spreading out so that he couldfeel clearly every grain of mould beneath him; each blade of grass sprangup, keenly speaking its aliveness, and he felt a sudden kinship with thetree that rose up before him.  He could feel it growing, see it rising upinto the sky and spreading its leaves, thirstily draining the aquifer...Frodo staggered back, overcome by the knowledge.  He looked beside him, andsaw Aragon staring down at him with glittering eyes.     "Are you all right, Frodo?" he said -- but his voice seemed to comefrom a long way away, as if from the bottom of a well.     Frodo tried to say "yes", but his voice came out strangely, and itseemed as if something or someone else was speaking for him.  "Would youbelieve me," it said, "if I told you I was being followed by a yellowNazdaq?"     "Nooo..." said Aragon's distant voice, and suddenly Aragon twistedinto a tiny blue marble and shot away into the distance.  Frodo shook hishead, saw the rope ladder before him, and began to climb.     It seemed to him that the ladder rose up forever, and that he had tostop many times before he reached the top.  At each stage he marked thegreat leaves that grew out from the trunk, overshadowing the groups ofelves that sat chatting beneath; while huge black ants roamed up and downthe tree, on their endless quest for Meaning and Food.  Woodlice he saw,and moths resting upon the sad grey bark of the forlorn.  Up, up heclimbed, until he reached the stratosphere, the svarga heaven above thestars, the jungle canopy where the spider monkeys brachiate from branch tobranch.  The treehouse floor stretched broad and fair before him, and itsfloor was made of lapis lazuli; through the floor he could see theconstellations glimmering fair beneath him. "Cassiopeia," he said tohimself.     And there they were, seated upon golden thrones underneath a tapestryglittering with Jewels: the Lord and the Lady.  The Lord was tall and darkbearded, hairy-chested like a satyr and brimming with virility; he held asilver athame in his head.  The Lady was also tall and deep-cleavaged, withbroad hips like the Willendorf Venus, and in her hand was a fluted chaliceof gold.  Secret symbols were drawn upon the floor.     Frodo stood before them, wordless.  The Lord welcomed him in his owntongue, saying, "A, peryando tiucumba váratalya limbenengwea!  Auta!"  TheLady said no word, but merely licked her lips.  And Frodo knew at thatmoment that they had looked deep into his soul and perceived the essentialoneness that connected them both at that moment.     Dullborn, perceiving that Frodo was still there, not having understooda word he had said, used sign language to indicate that he should go standin a corner, while he interrogated the remainder of the company, who hadmysteriously materialized on the lapis lazuli.  "So, Aragon son ofArathon," he said, "Did you off Gandalf before he could pay me back thethree thousand miriain he owed me?"     "Nay," said Galadriel, her voice resonating like a cracked theorbo. "Aragon never had the wit to do away with Gandalf.  Now tell us where heis, for he oweth us both money and favors."  She crossed her legs.     "Alas!" said Aragon.  "Gandalf was lost in the depths of Moira, takenby a shadow and a flame, which had no wings..."     Lego-lass stepped on Aragon's foot, hard.  "It was a Balrog ofMortgage," she said.  "Its wings spread from wall to wall, over a span ofthirty years."     The dismayed cries of the Elves rang out.  "Gandalf?  Lost?  Withoutheirs, beneficiaries, or estate?  Now whom can we sue?"     Lord Dullborn stood up straight and tall.  "At such a grim time," hesaid, "a time of sadness and loss for us all, when strong leadership isrequired more than ever, there is only one thing for us to do..."     "That's right!" said Halfwit the Elf.     "...blame the Dwerrows!"     "The Dwerrows!  It's all the fault of the Dwerrows!  Expel 'em!  Takeaway their property!  Sterilize 'em!  Hang 'em!  Fry 'em in oil! Zwerge'raus!"  These were among the more printable remarks made by the Elvesassembled there.     Galadriel coughed, and the treehouse fell silent.  "While it is wellknown to all of us," she said, looking at Giggly, "that Dwerrows arehideous, gnarled, shrunken mutants, with a barbarous speech, no manners,and a long history of elf-molestation, they are still not to blame foreverything -- just most things.  Besides, who can blame the Dwerrow if hewished to gaze at last at his ancestral home whose entrance lies deep atthe head of that shadowy vale between the mountains known as the Limbs ofMoira?"     "Dark are the waters of Kleo-patrâ, and warm, oh, warm are the springsof Kunni-gonda," she chanted, running the tip of her tongue over the topsof her lower teeth.       And Giggly, on hearing the names given in his own ancient tongue,looked up as far as he could; and it seemed to him that he looked suddenlyinto the heart of a perfect stranger and saw there lust and amorous desire. He smiled in answer, rose, and said politely, "You can visit me any time."     There was a deathly silence, during which Galadriel stared hard ateach member of the Company.  At length Dullborn spoke again.  "Get the hellout of here, all of you."     That night the Company slept on the ground, as no self-respecting Elfwould allow them into their treehouses.   For a little while the travellersargued among themselves, engaging in unrestrained slander, backbiting, andfeeble excuses for their behaviour.     "What were you wriggling for, Sam?" interrogated Pipsqueak.  "Maybeplanning on cutting me and Morrie out of the action?"     "I never thought no such thing," answered Sam.  "If you want to know,I felt as if the Lady was looking right through my tunic and seeing the'Rosie' tattoo on my chest."     "And the little fluffy pink lambs embroidered on your shorts," Morrieadded helpfully.     "Hey!"     "To me it seemed exceedingly strange," said Boromir™.  "For thoughthey say in our land that the Lady of the Golden Wood possesseth X-rayvision as well as superhuman endurance, I did marvel that she passed over aman of my physique so hastily."     When Aragon had calmed them all down, he bade them sleep well for thenight.  "And if you must go outside, take with you a handful of leaves ofthe forlorn; for there is in this land no toilet paper, unless a man bringit hither himself.  Then let him beware!"     They remained some days in Lothlorien, so far as they could tell, butsince their watches had all been confiscated at the border, they tended tolose track of time.  All the while they dwelt there Frodo's symptomsremained unchanged.  They had not seen the Lord or Lady again, and theElven-folk shunned them as if they were rabid lepers, except for two:Lego-lass spent all her time among the Elves, and pretended not to see thecompanions if they passed near; and Giggly was often seen returning fromGaladriel's treehouse well after midnight, and the others wondered at this.          And after some weeks had passed, the companions held a wake forGandalf.  They could sometimes - if they eavesdropped - overhear the Elvesmentioning his Elvish name, Mesprendeur; but if Lego-lass was with thecompany, she would not interpret for them, saying that if they wanted herto be an interpreter they could bloody well pay her, and in any case theremarks were far too rude.     It was Frodo who first put something of his feelings into words, asthey sat in a circle, talking about their memories of the old bum, andgetting roaring drunk.  Frodo had been listening to the Elves singing aboutGandalf, but as he had never gotten better than a C+ in Sindarin class, andmoreover they spoke it with a strong Québecois accent, he understood hardlyanything of what he had heard, and his translation, as repeated to Sam,must be regarded as if he had made it all up himself.          Picture yourself in a wood by a river,           With golden-leaved trees of unusual size;           Words incomprehensible call to remind you,           The elf with the silmaril eyes.           Elanor flowers of silver and gold,           Springing upon the green lawn.           Look for the elf with the clouds in her hair,           And she's gone.           Varda in the sky with starlight           Varda in the sky with starlight          Varda in the sky with starlight          A....           Follow her down to a grove in the forest           Where feather-tressed maidens spread marshmallow thighs,           Niphredils rise around you under mallorns           That grow so incredibly high.           A boat with a swan's prow rows on by the shore,           Waiting to take you away.           Sit in the stern with your face to Mordor,           And you're gone.           Varda in the sky with starlight           Varda in the sky with starlight          Varda in the sky with starlight          A....           Picture yourself on a ship in the Ocean,           With oddly-dressed elves wearing beards for disguise,           Suddenly someone is there on an island,           The elf with the silmaril eyes.           Varda in the sky with starlight           Varda in the sky with starlight          Varda in the sky with starlight          A....     "But that doesn't have anything to do with Gandalf at all," Sam objected.     "Well, finish it yourself, then," Frodo replied sourly.     "How about this," said Sam:          Hamburger and fries with ketchup,          Hamburger and fries with ketchup,          Hamburger and fries with ketchup,          Hamburger and fries with ketchup...     Frodo kicked Sam all the way back to the tent.     One evening, after Frodo and Sam had finally kissed and made up, Frodoasked: "So, Sam, do you think you've seen enough of the Elves?"     "I reckon I have, Master," Sam replied.  "They're interesting enoughto start with, but spend a few months with them and they're horribly dull."     Even as he spoke, as if in answer to his words, there was a sharpcough and the Lady Galadriel stood before them.  She spoke no word, butoffered them a glimpse of well-rounded calf and ankle, and they followedwillingly enough.  She led them behind the thicket of treehouses into adamp, mossy little garden, ornamented with a mirrored globe, a sundial, anda stone dwarf that was remarkably lifelike except for the lichens growingupon him.     At the bottom of the garden stood a birdbath filled to the brim withwater.  Galadriel stooped and breathed on it, and when the water was stillagain she spoke.  "Here is the Birdbath of Galadriel," she said.  "I havebrought you here so that you may look in it, if you will."     Sam muscled his way past Frodo.  "I'll have a look," he said.  Hestepped up on a brick and leaned over the basin.  "There's only sparrowdroppings, as I thought," he said.  But suddenly the Birdbath turned muddy,then clear.  Sam gasped. "Hey!" he shouted.  "There's Ted getting amonopoly on the industrial waste reprocessing business.  I wish I could getat Ted, and I'd reprocess him!"     Galadriel shook her head.  "Remember that the Birdbath shows manythings, and not all have yet come to pass.  Some never come to be, unlessthose that behold the visions turn aside from their path to prevent them."     Sam looked puzzled.  "So you mean that if I don't go back to the Shireto fix old Ted's waggon, he won't be turning Bywater Pool into a dump fortoxic sludge?"     Galadriel snickered behind her hand.  "Well, if you do go back, thenit certainly will happen; and if you don't go back, it won't necessarilynot happen; and if I use conditional sentences that are complicated enoughand have enough multiple negatives, you will get so confused that you'llstop asking questions and go with the narrative flow.  Do you understand?"     "No."     "Excellent.  Frodo, it's your turn."     Frodo stepped up to the Birdbath.  The night was dark, and its velvetseemed to stream away from him in waves of purple and indigo, while thestars played their eerie flutes inside his head.  The water swayed beforehim as he bent over the basin.  His jaw dropped, and saliva began to dripfrom his lower lip.     "What do you see?" Galadriel asked.     "I see..." Frodo replied dully, "an Eye... filling nearly all thewater... it is glazed... yellow as a cat's... watchful... intent... but itspupil opens onto a pit... a window into Absolute Nothingness... thatHideous Void where Space and Time become naught, where all individuality isdestroyed, where Azathoth pipes his hideous flutes to the nameless tunes ofNyarlathotep!"  Frodo's voice, at first low and sluggish, had risen to ashrill scream.     "Oh," said Galadriel.  "That must be Tivil."  She sighed, rolled upher right sleeve, reached deep into the Birdbath up above her elbow, andhauled out a twisting, hissing creature.  She held it up and looked at itaccusingly.  It glared back at her through a yellow, slitted eye.     "Naughty beast!" Galadriel said.  "How many times have I told you notto hide in there?  Be along with you now."  She released it in midair,where it stretched itself out to reveal scaly flanks, long furry finstipped with claws, and a whiskery face that it wiped with its forefins. Mewing, it flexed its broad, striped tail and swam away through the airinto the trees.     "Anyway," Galadriel said, "I know what you thought you saw.  But I sayto you, Frodo, that however the Dark Lord tries to grope me, still the dooris closed!" She turned to the East, crossing her arms and legs in a gestureof rejection and denial.     "Wow," said Frodo.  "You are beautiful and sexy, Lady Galadriel.  Iwill give you the One Ring, if you want it."     Galadriel tossed her head in the gesture known to the Elves as themaewest.  "That's enough from you," she replied.  "Maybe a lot of othergirls would fall for that line, but not me.  You see, already all love meand despair."     She lifted up her hand, and from a cleverly hidden spotlight thereissued a great light that illumined her alone and left all else dark. Moody music with lots of violins emanated from out the thick air, and allaround the garden came the click of the cameras of the paparazzi.       Then she let her hand fall, and the spot switched off.  "So you see,"she continued, "I don't need anything at all that you can offer."  Sheturned to Sam, who sat cowering in the dirt.  "Have you understood anythingat all that you've seen here?"     "No, Lady," he replied humbly.  "But can I have your autograph?"
    That night the Company was again summoned to the ramshackle tree hut of Galadriel (and Dullborn the Wise). There Dullborn the Wise spoke to them and bade them to hasten their departure for "the time to leavedraweth nigh," as he said. "But before thou leavest (and we canfinally get rid of this bothersome dwarf) thou must decide where tomake for when thou set forth."    Then Galadriel looked at each of the Company and said "They are as yet undecided, every one of them."    Aragon at once spoke up. "As leader of this Company I deem it best if we make directly for ... eh ... for ... eh ... Mordor! Yes! Mordor! We have to destroy the Ring. It is too dangerous a thing for Elf ormortal to wield. And we have to claim Frodo's inheritance, of course."    At the mention of his name Frodo looked up smiling. "Inheritance. Oh yes. Blue niphredils in high fields of green. Purple waters of Nurnen reflecting the starlight of Varda in clear skies. Horses thundering over yellow fields of corn..."    Into the ensuing silence Pipsqueak peeped, "But what about Isengard? What about Aruman's subpoena? Don't we have to go there first?"    "Well, yes," Aragon said. "Isengard. Of course we are going to make for Isengard first. Never meant to do anything else."    "Subpoena. You're gonna bow before some stupid law? I'll do thisto your stupid subpoena!" Morrie brawled and flashed one of his knifesmenacingly while Lego-lass asked, "But how do we know Aruman is stillin Isengard and hasn't been summoned to Mordor?"    Boromir™ declared firmly, "I think we should make for Gondor™, for my home town of Minas Tirith™."    Giggly giggled excitedly. Arwen nudged Aragon sideways and Aragon decided that he best reassert his authority and fast. He spoke up and decisively said "Eh... I... eh ..."    "At least thou shouldst decide which side of the River thou wantstto take," Dullborn the Wise's deep voice broke into the confusion.Everyone looked up at him except Frodo who was studying the ceilingand smiling.    "Well, that's easy," Aragon declaimed firmly, "we will take the west side... No, I meant the east side... Or west?"    Galadriel spoke up. "Well, apparently you need time yet to decide.But my wise husband has thought of a way to help you.." Dullborn the Wiselooked perplexed. "They will be travelling along a RIVER," Galadrielnudged, "and don't know which SIDE to take." Dullborn the Wise staredblankly at her. "With RIVERS you don't need to take SIDES." Galadriellooked imploringly at her husband. "With the right EQUIPMENT you candelay the choosing." Still nothing. "You can just FLOAT along..."    "Ah, yes," Dullborn declared wisely, "we will lend thou rafts. Thenthou canst travel ON the river and needest not make so portentous adecision hastily as which side thou wouldst take."    Galadriel sighed, "What the wise and noble Dullborn meant is we would have lent you rafts if we still had enough trees to fell and build them with. Instead Dullborn the Wise generously lets you take some of our fast elvish rowboats. They need rowers, yes, but we can bind three of them together and then your manservant, Sam, can row all of you."    They accepted the offer gratefully (except for Sam who mutteredsomething about imperialist opressors and revolution).    "All, that is," Galadriel amended, "except for you, Arwen." She looked at her granddaughter. "Your father El Rond has sent an Eagle fromRivendell with a message ordering you to come home at once."    "Eagle," Boromir™ cried, at the same time that Giggly, jumping excitely up and down, asked, "Is it still here? Is it?"    "Why, no, I sent it back." Galadriel looked flustered. "Did you want to send a message back?"    "We thought," Aragon began, "We could have... Oh, never mind."    Arwen's face had darkened during this conversation. Now she spoke up. "I am definitely NOT going back. Now when things get interesting and I even might become the heroine of the upcoming movie instead of asidekick, I'll definitely NOT be going home!"    Galadriel smiled benevolently at her. Lights played on her hair and the soft music of violins welled up from the background. "Well, yes, I can see that a chance at fame cannot be passed over," she said. "I will write a letter to El Rond and explain. He will understand."    "And now," Galadriel continued, "it is time for presents." Sheclapped her hands and fair Elf maidens entered bearing the presents ofGaladriel and Dullborn for the company of the Ring. To Aragon asleader of the party she gave a green gem, and said, "This is theElfstone foretold of old, heirloom of the House of Gil-Gallamine. Mayit bring you more luck than its last bearer and may it be a warning toyou: The time of relaxing is not yet at hand. Beware of Orc maidens!    "And I have something else to give you," she continued, "somethingthat might save your sword from breaking again." She smiled and handedhim a small silver key. Aragon blushed furiously, then a big smilecrept across his face. He bowed deeply and then beamed at Arwen whowinked back at him.    Galadriel then turned to the rest of the company. To Boromir™ she gave a Golden Warhorn of Summoning, and Morrie and Pipsqueak weregifted with a Silver Belt of Restoration each while Lego-lass receiveda Composite Elven Long Bow +3. Her granddaughter Arwen she presentedwith Winged Leather Boots of Speed.    Then she looked at Giggly. "And what gift would a Dwarf ask of theElves?" she asked.    "None," Giggly giggled, "for I already received more than I ever dared to hope."    "Hear all ye Elves!" Galadriel cried. "Let none ever say again that all Dwarves are grasping and ungracious... well, not ungracious, at least," she amended. "Nonetheless a gift you shall have," Galadriel said and handed him an autographed poster of herself (a VERY limited collectors' edition, only genuine with a strand of original hair of Galadriel interwoven into its fabric).    Giggly gasped, then started excitedly to jump up and down. "What joy,what joy. I shall take it with me always and when I come home to the Dwarvish Mines of Erebor at last, I shall encase this treasure in imperishable crystal and it shall be a heirloom of my house!"    Galadriel then turned to Sam. "I don't have much I can give you tohelp you serve your betters in this quest; and besides, it wouldn't beproper, of course. Only by exhausting themselves in the service oftheir masters can true servants show their worth, after all, andreceive praise. But I do have something that might help you ease thelife of your master after the quest is done." And she handed Sam asmall box. "In this box," she said, "is collected the essence of thetrees felled for constructing the famous Golf course of Lorien,bespoken with potent spells. When your master settles down in Nurnenafter this quest he may be missing the woods of the Shire. Then openthis box and spread its contents. There a forest will grow such as thedeforested shores of Nurnen have never seen before. Elvish forlorntrees will grow there, high and mighty, and no axe nor chainsaw mayfell them for the spells laid on the contents of this box protect themfrom any harm. Eternally they will stand on the shores of thebeautiful Lake Nurnen and your Master will enjoy taking a respite fromthe southern heat there while you faithfully toil in his service."Sam silently took the box and bowed as well as he could.    Finally, Galadriel turned to Frodo who was still smiling at theceiling. "And you, Ring-Bearer," she said, "I come to you last who arenot last in my thoughts. For you I have this," and she handed him asmall white stone. "This is an old heirloom of the Elves and came tous under mysterious circumstances from far away. It has waited here foryou since the beginning of time. It is a light imperishable that willshine for you in the dark when all other lights have gone out. But youmust name it first."    Frodo smiled at her. "Al'Tsahir," he said and the stone glowed brightly and leapt into his hand. "All the saws here," he corrected himself, "endlessly cutting trees of golden forlorn. Lights glowing brightly with neon colours of white. Pink slippers of glorious shine on wandering Santas of rosemarin..."    At the mention of The Clause all fell silent. The festive moodvanished. The spirit of the audience was broken. They dispersed andthe Company went to bed.    The next morning they were woken by Halfwit, Rummage and Orphan, the Elves who had first met them after they entered Lorien. They led them a last time through the fabled Golf course of Lorien and down to the Silverlode where three boats had been readied for the Company (tiedtogether with the fabled Elven rope, a distant ancestor of modernNylon). They were stocked with food and water, and contained an ElvenCloak of Near Invisibility for each of the Company. Pipsqueak at oncetried the food. "Hmm, crap," he said, "Good."    "Enough, enough," Halfwit laughed, "This is not crap. These are twinkies, which are a lot more nutritionally balanced than crap. You have already eaten more than you need in a whole day!"     The company then entered the boats. In one boat Aragon, Pipsqueak and Morrie climbed; the second one was taken up by Boromir™, Lego-lass and Giggly. The third one (with the paddles) was manned by Arwen, Frodo and Sam, who took up the paddles.  They pushed off from theShore and the current at once swept them downriver.    As they drifted down the Silverlode and into the Great River they saw the last edge of Lorien, a tongue of land between the Silverlode andthe Great River, coming towards them. There the players clubhouse wassituated and out on the lawn a big picnic had been readied. Galadrieland Dullborn stood at a small pier waiting for them among a company ofbrightly garbed Elves and waved at them. But just as the current hadswept them almost past Galadriel and Dullborn and Sam started turningthe boats around and making toward the pier they felt a tingle, agolden flickering and suddenly time seemed to speed up. The currentof the River became a torrent. It swept them past the pier and downthe Great River. Before they could react they passed a bend in theRiver and Lorien was out of sight. Frodo passed out.    "Well," thought Sam, "so much to the good. At least I don't have to deal with those snobbish imperialist Elves again, and that's a fact.Giving me a box of FOREST ESSENCE for the delight of my MASTER." Heshook his head. The ruse with the autograph hadn't worked, but this...He smiled and took the box out of his pack. It was much lighter now.Well, he had made good use of its original contents. Let them try toplay golf in a dense forest of uncuttable trees, those greedycapitalists! After all, what did HE need forest essence for! No, hehad replaced this crap in the box with something far more useful...
  Frodo was roused by Sam, not that there's anything wrong with that.He awoke from a wistful dream of Galadriel's lament as their boats slowlydrifted out of Lorien.  Long afterwards he interpreted them, as well ashe could given Bilbo's somewhat fraudulent tutoring in Quenya:  "Eh! leeke-a guld fell zee leefes in zee veend, bork, lung yeersnoomberless es zee veengs ooff trees! Right On! De years gots' passedlikes swift draughts uh de sweet mead in lofty halls beyond da damn West,benead de blue vaults of Varda wherein de stars tremble in de song uh ha'voice, holy and queenly. Slap mah fro!  Who now shall refill thuh cup fo'me?  Fur noo zee Keendler, Ferda, zee Qooeee ooff zee Sters, frum MuoontIfervheete-a hes upleeffted her hunds leeke-a cluoods, und ell pethsere-a drooned deep in shedoo; und oooot ooff a grey cuoontry derknessleees oon zee fuemeeng vefes betveee us, und meest cufers zee jooels ooffzee Celecurya fur ifer.  Now lost, mostly, lost to those from thuh Eastis like wow! Valimar!  Oh, wow!  Farewell!  Gag me with a SPOOOOON!Maybe thou shalt find Valimar!  Gag me with a pitchfork!  Maybe eventhou shalt find it.  Farewell!"  Frodo found that he was lying, wrapped from head to toe in all the spareelven cloaks, ropes, and forlorn leaf wrappings from the twinkies(or so he hoped) that Sam had collected from the Company's baggage.Looking up as he extricated himself from the swaddling, he noted thathe was under a large, grey-skinned tree that looked vaguely humanoid.Pipsqueak noticed this as well and tried to strike up a conversation,but no amount of prodding, poking, kicking, name-calling, or waving ofbrands from Giggly's little fire could get a response from it.  They started again shortly before noon, though Morrie would gladlyhave slept through lunch and tea-time.  Nor were most of the Company eager to hurry southwards, considering the crises of leadership and bitter recriminations (to say nothing of the heat and humidity) that lay beyond. Aragon let them drift with the stream as they wished, but stopped after the third time Boromir™ ran his boat aground with a strange, vicious glee.  But he insisted that they start earlier each day, for hisresentment of the Fellowship's defiance of his divine right after theescape from Moira still burned hot in his heart.  If I can't assail theDark Tower in glorious conquest as befits a returning king, he thought,I can still have a lot of fun running the stupid halflings straight intothe ground.  Nonetheless the hobbits held up surprisingly well, and they saw nosign of an enemy for two days.  The lands began to change slowly: firstthe trees thinned and became less ominously anthropomorphic.  On theeast bank, they say long slopes, grey and withered like the cirrhoticliver of one of the Big Folk who had spent far too many summer eveningsin the common room of the Prancing Pony.  They had come to the GreyLands that lay, vast and desolate, between Southern Smirkwood and thehills of the Emyn Mail.  Aragon admitted, after much taunting by Arwen,and scowls and eyerolling by Boromir™, that he had no clue what evil,horrible deed of the Enemy had so transformed the entire region.  Thehobbits noted with a mounting sense of horror that the hills far to thesouth seemed to be paved with a dark, matte substance and painted withwhite lines like the bones of some long-extinct fish.  There was no sign of living moving things, save birds.  Of these therewere many: annoying little ones, medium-sized ones that seemedpredestined to drop guano on the shoulders of the Men (who were littleconsoled when Lego-lass pointed out that being hit was a symbol ofgood fortune among the Elves of Smirkwood), and the hugest flyingcreatures they had yet seen.  Once or twice the travellers heard therush and whine of a sound like the shadow of the shape of wings, andlooking up they saw a familiar "V" shape streaming along the sky.  "Ai, ai!" cried Lego-lass.  "A B--... oh, never mind, they're ducks."  "Giant Arnorian mallards, by the looks of them," muttered Aragon."Now I understand.  What an evil fortune!  And I am already hungry!"  "How wide and commercialized all this country looks!" said Frodo.  "Ialways imagined that as one journeyed south, it got warmer andmerrier, with many retired people lounging about in the bright sun."  "But we have not journeyed far south yet," answered Aragon.  "It isstill winter, and we are far from the sea.  Far away down in theBay of Tampalas, to which Anduin runs, it is warm and merry, maybe,or would be merry but for the Tampalas Bay Corsairs.  But here we arenot above sixty leagues, I guess, south of the Southfarting away inyour Shire, hundreds of long miles to the east.  You are lookingnow southwest across the north plains of the Riddlemark, Rohan theland of the mysterious and eccentric Horse-lords.  Ere long we shallcome to the mouth of the Dimlight that runs down from Dolorn to jointhe Great River.  That is the north boundary of Rohan; and of old allthat lay between the Dimlight and the Off-White Mountains belonged to theRohirrim.  It is a rich and pleasant land, and its turfgrass has norival; you will find no golf courses for which it is harder or moreexpensive to get a tee time.  But in these evil days folk do not dwellby the River or ride often to its shores.  Anduin is wide, yetthe orcs get great range with those horn-backed composite bows andugly but functional orc fletching of theirs, so waterfront propertyvalues have understandably taken a dive.  Lately the orcs have evenstarted crossing the water and playing a few holes on the greens ofRohan."  Aragon shook his head ruefully as he visualized the Uruk-Haibeheading their hapless caddies.  "As for the commercialization, what you see here is but the beginning,not even a faint shadow of the great, magical kingdom that myancestors built."  At this cryptic comment, Aragon suddenly becameclose, as if he had said too much already, and not even Arwen couldget him to speak again for hours.  Sam looked from bank to bank uneasily.  The trees had seemed hostilebefore, but some of the isolated treelike figures on the shore werejumping up and down, giving him Bree cheers and making rude gestures.He had a feeling that the Company was completely exposed to any orcishsniper who could shoot a hobbit child's bow, meandering slowly inlittle open boats in the midst of shelterless lands, on a river thatwas the frontier of war, but then the feeling passed.  In the next day or two, the Company passed steadily southwards as theRiver broadened and gravel shoals formed.  These became so rough thatBoromir™ stopped running the boat aground and actually startedsteering intently.  The faintly drawn lines on the southernmost hillsof the Grey Lands began to resolve themselves into neat rectangles,a little over a tall Man's height across and twice as long.  Eachmember of the Company was busy with his or her own thoughts.  The heart of Lego-lass was running under the stars with some handsomeNoldorin lad in Lorien; Giggly was running his fingers through gold inhis mind (silken, flowing rivulets of gold), and also wondering what hewould use as the housing of the Lady's gift.  Morrie and Pipsqueak inthe middle boat were ill at ease as they watched Giggly in the followingboat, eyes shuttered, muttering and giggling to himself as he recalledsome strange memory.  Boromir™ was muttering as well, sometimesbiting his nails, sometimes grabbing a paddle and standing up in hisboat poised to deliver a resounding whack to the back of Frodo's head.Then Pipsqueak, who sat in the bow looking back, caught a suspiciouslook in Boromir's™ eye as he aimed the death blow.  But thenBoromir™ would shake his head and sit down, and Pipsqueak'ssuspicions passed.  Sam looked serene and peaceful, but was actuallylocked in a mortal struggle against his pathological phobia of boats.Ever since he had heard about Master Frodo's parents, he could notshake his obssessive, constant, driving fear of them.  It never ended,not for a single waking moment.   Even now a voice akin to the DarkLord's was resounding through his skull: "I'm in a boat, I'm in aboat..."  Neverending.  Never.  As dusk drew down on the fourth day, he was looking back over thebowed heads of Frodo and Aragon and the following boats-boats-boats,boat-boat-I'm-in-a-boat, in-a-boat; he was on the verge of mentalcollapse and would have willingly killed the rest of the Company tofeel sweet earth under his toes.  Suddenly something caught his sight;at first he stared at it listlessly, then he sat up and shook hishead violently to make the bad boat-thoughts go away; but when helooked again he could not see it any more.  That night they camped on a small eyot close to the western bank.Sam lay rolled in blankets beside Frodo, shuddering and hoping thateyot wasn't an Elvish word for boat.  "I had a funny dream an hour or two before we stopped, Mr. Frodo," he said.  "Or maybe it wasn't a dream.  Funny it was anyway."  "Well, what was it?  You need a better primer than that, Sam," saidFrodo, recalling that Sam had not had the same training in orationthat he had received from Bilbo, and bracing himself for a stalepunchline.  (In fact, Sam had had the benefit of the best educationin public speaking that a hobbit could get, sitting in The GreenDragon at Bywater.)  "It wasn't funny that way, Mr. Frodo.  At first I thought I washallucinating, the way I do whenever I get near r-r-r-runningw-w-w-water.  But I swear I saw a log with eyes!"  "Oh, sure," said Frodo.  "That's just Gullible.  He's been followingus all the way through Moira and right down into Lorien.  He thinkshe's all sneaky and clever, but he's really as loud and clumsy as anoliphaunt in a mathom house.  Just play along and humor him.  Wecan grab him any time we want to, but he makes a good decoy for theorcs."  Aragon overheard this, but remained silent and feigned sleep, for hehad tried twice to catch Gullible in the middle of the night andfound him too sly and slippery.  There was no need to admit this tothe hobbits, of course.  The night passed without Gullible showing so much as a shadow again.After that the Company kept a sharp look-out, but the Men and Gigglysaw no more of Gullible while the voyage lasted.  The hobbits,Lego-lass, and Arwen, on the other hand, caught sight of him everynow and then.  He was usually flailing along attached to amoss-eaten log or other piece of flotsam, trying desperately andridiculously to camouflage himself by daubing himself with rivermud.  The Company had adopted a don't-ask, don't-tell policyregarding the relative powers of observation of each member, sonothing was ever said.  Giggly and the Men could always pretend thatit was due to the cover of night that Gullible seemed invisible.In this way the time passed rather boringly until the seventh day.  The weather was still grey and overcast, and dim enough that theCompany could hardly tell the sky from the surrounding hills.  A windfrom the East parted the clouds and the young sliver of the Moonappeared.  As Sam was staring at its reflection, perplexed, he heardGullible sloshing horridly along the east bank, sneezing as thereeds tickled his nose and cursing under his breath (but still veryloudly) as he tripped and fell into the stream.  The next day the country on either side began to change rapidly.The banks began to rise and grow stony, and as the land slopedhigher, the paved grey hills in the distance vanished for a time fromthe Company's view.  More birds circled overhead, and as the Companywas getting under way for the evening, a wondrously loud cry causedall heads to snap upwards.  A great shape passed, high and far off,now wheeling, now flying on slowly southwards.  "What is that, Lego-lass?" Aragon asked, pointing to the northernsky.  "Is it, as I think, an eagle?"  "No," said Lego-lass.  "It is... uh..."  "What?"  "Never mind."  "WHAT IS IT, LEGO-LASS?"  "Well, it's hard to say, but I think the Dunedain call it a...mumak?"  "What?!  Who ever heard of FLYING mumakil?"  "Well, didn't you hear it trumpeting?"  And so the debate continued, with Arwen taking Lego-lass's part andBoromir™ joining Aragon in proclaiming the impossibility of whatthe Elves claimed to have spied from afar.  Finally Aragon tired ofthe argument (which, truth to tell, the Men were losing) and insistedthat it was fully dark and time for the Company to resume its trek.  The eighth night of their journey came, silent and windless.  "Come!"said Aragon.  "We will venture one more journey by night.  We arecoming to the reaches of the River that I do not know well; for Ihave never journeyed by water in these parts before, not betweenhere and the rapids of Sarn Eisner.  But if I am right in myreckoning, those are still many miles ahead, and I hear there are afew cheap eateries along the way, at least until we get there."  To Sam in the leading boat was given the task of watchman, inaddition to his duties as squire, cook, washing boy, latrine digger,porter, second oarsman, and all-around lackey.  "From each accordingto his abilities..." he chanted stoically, as he stood at the head ofthe boat and tried to imagine that he was standing in the basementof Bag End.  The pale foam of the River lashed against sharp rocksthat were thrust far into the stream like a ridge of teeth, and Samand Morrie emptied their stomachs into the swirling waters for thethird time that night.  Morrie wistfully noted that they had hadonly ONE dinner to throw up.  "Please remain seated at all times,"intoned Aragon, in a strange voice.  "Hoy there, Aragon!" shouted Boromir™, as his boat lurched upand down, smashing into the leader but curiously not movinglaterally.  "This is madness!  We cannot ride the Rapids by night!But no boat can live in Sarn Eisner, be it night or day."  "Back, back!" cried Aragon.  "Turn!  Turn if you can!"  He drovehis paddle into the water, trying to hold the boat and bring itround.  The boats seemed completely unable to turn, but Aragon,Sam, Boromir™, Lego-lass, and Arwen were able to push themback up the river with strenuous rowing.  "I am out of my reckoning," whispered Aragon to Frodo.  "I did not know that we had come so far: Anduin flows faster than I thought.Sarn Eisner must be close at hand already."  "You're a little out of shape, too," noted Frodo, hearing theragged panting in Aragon's voice.  As the boats slowly inched back up the river and came to a complete stop, Frodo felt the keel beneath him grate upon stone.  At that moment there was a twang of bowstrings: several arrowswhistled overhead, and some fell among them.  One smote Frodo between the shoulders, about halfway between the Morgul-knife scarin front and the orc-spear wound on his side.  Frodo felt like ahobbit-kebab as he lurched forward with a cry, sure that he wasgoing to get tetanus from that cursed suit of mithril mail thistime.  A second arrow passed through Lego-lass's hair, butfortunately the huge hairdo she had acquired in Lorien had confusedthe archer.  A third arrow stood fast in the gunwale of the secondboat, close by Morrie's hand.  "Please keep your hands inside theboat at all times," suggested Aragon helpfully.  "Yrch!" said Lego-lass.  "Did that arrow get you?" cried Giggly.  "No, orcs!" she replied.  Now that Lego-lass had pointed them out, Sam thought he couldglimpse orcs in crude camouflage running to and fro upon the longshingle-banks that lay under the eastern shore.  They were all dressedas shrubberies.  Strangely enough, there were no other shrubs of anykind on the banks.  "That idiot Gullible!  Look at him trying to hide behind that orc,"said Sam to Frodo.  Suddenly a black-feathered arrow sprouted from the torso of the orc in question and he fell over, revealing a quivering dark shape, nearly unclothed and crouched low, who scrambled into the rocks.  "Well, in this case, it seems to have worked," remarked Frodo wryly.  Sam leaned foward, straining at the paddles, as the boats continuedto move backwards in a straight line, one against another.  Even therest of the Company took a hand now that real danger was imminent.Every moment they expected to take an arrow through the eye.  Aragonwas especially anxious about this as it had actually happened to hisfather while he was "on errantry" with Arwen's brothers, or so theysaid.  Many projectiles whined overhead or struck the water nearby;but there were no more hits.  As it turned out, elven cloaks andgrey boats were very good camouflage in the Grey Lands, much betterthan shrubberies.  Stroke by stroke they labored on.  In the darkness, it was hard totell that they were indeed moving at all (in fact, they were movingmuch slower upstream than the orcs, who had far overestimated theCompany's rowing ability and completely lost track of them, evenwith their night-eyes).  At last, as far as they could judge, theyhad broken free of the rapids and were able to gradually rowtowards the western shore.  Under the shadow of the bushes leaningout over the water they halted and waited while Sam, who had donemost of the rowing while the boats were jammed together, caughthis breath and tried not to cough up a lung.  Lego-lass laid down her paddle and took up the +3 bow that she hadbrought from Lorien.  Then she sprang ashore and climbed a littleway up the bank.  Stringing the bow and fitting an arrow she turned,peering back over the river into the darkness.  Across the waterthere were some whistles and catcalls, but nothing could be seen.Lego-lass turned away, sorry that she had not found a target to aimat but a little relieved that she could not see the orcs whistlingat her, either.  But now great clouds advanced from the South,obscuring sections of the starry fields.  The Company suddenly felta fear of the dark much like Sam's fear of the river.  "Elbereth Gilthoniel!" sighed Lego-lass as she looked up.  Evenas she did so, a dark shape, like a cloud and yet not a cloud, forit moved far more swiftly, came out of the blackness in the South, and sped towards the Company, blotting out all light as itapproached.  Soon it appeared as a great winged creature, blackerthan the pits in the night.  Fierce voices rose up to greet itfrom across the water.  Frodo felt a sudden recognition runningthrough him and the memory of an old, old fear.  He crouched down,as if to hide.  Suddenly the great bow of Lorien sang.  It gave a rather marginalrendition of Laer Cu Beleg (the Song of the Great Bow), as the bowwas accustomed to singing duets with its archer and was simply not agood soloist.  Frodo looked up just as the song reached a crescendo.Almost above him the winged shape swerved.  There was a harshcroaking scream, as it fell out of the air, vanishing down into thegloom of the eastern shore. The sky was empty again.  There was atumult of many voices far away, scattered curses, shouts, and wailingin the darkness, and then silence.  Neither shaft nor cry came againfrom the east that night.  After a while Aragon led the boats back upstream.  They felt theirway along the water's edge to a small shallow bay where they awaitedthe dawn.  A thin smoke wafted down from the east, borne by a verylight wind.  "Praised be the bow of Galadriel, and the hand-eye coordination ofLego-lass!" said Giggly, as he munched a twinkie.  He marveled atthe tensile strength of elf hair.  "That was a mighty shot in thedark, my friend!"  Even Arwen could not suppress a hearty "you go,girl!" but the Men looked away, embarassed.  "But who can say what it hit?" said Lego-lass.  "I cannot," said Giggly.  "But you were right to shoot first andask questions later.  I am glad that the shadow came no nearer.  Toomuch it reminded me of the shadow in Moira - the shadow of theBalrog," he ended in a whisper.  "It was not a Balrog," said Frodo, still shivering with a strangesense of foreboding.  "I think it was - "  Then he paused and fellsilent.  "What do you think?" asked Boromir™ eagerly, seeming to catchFrodo's meaning.  "I think - no, I will not say," answered Frodo.  "Whatever it was,its fall has thrown our enemies into disarray."  "So it seems," said Aragon, his face still red.  He could not lookLego-lass or Arwen in the eye.  "But what the day will show who cantell?  Have your weapons close to hand!"  With this he heftedEndurit and flexed his biceps ostentatiously.  Sam sat tapping the hilt of his sword with a dumbfounded look, andlooking up at the sky.  No one noticed this, of course, but at lengthhe murmured, "It's very strange.  The Moon's the same in the Shireand in Wilderland, but it seems to be running slower.  You'll remember,Mister Frodo, that it was waning as we lay up in that tree; a weekfrom the full, I reckon.  And we'd been a week out of Lorien when uppops a New Moon thin as an anorexic barrow wight.  Anyone would thinkthat time did not count in the Elvish country!"  Lego-lass and Frodo, hearing a now-familiar sloshing from the eastbank, exchanged significant looks.  "Perhaps that was the way of it,"said Frodo, too loudly for Sam's liking.  "In that land, maybe, wewere in a time that has elsewhere long gone by - ISN'T THAT RIGHT,LEGO-LASS?" he ended almost in a shout.  "QUITE SO, Frodo," answered Lego-lass.  "Time tarries in fair Loth-lorien, so that those who dwell at its heart do not age at all, even as centuries pass in the surrounding lands.  Why, we were probably inthere six or seven hundred years!  How many generations of Bagginses have grown and gone in the Shire, do you think?"  Suddenly from a shadowed alcove on the bank there was a gasp, a strangled cry that turned into a hoarse wailing, and then a steady muted slamming as if of a soft object on a rock.  Frodo mused, "The wearing of time must be slowed by the power of theLady.  Rich are the hours in Caras Galadhon, where Galadriel wieldsthe Elven-ring."  "SHHHH!" hissed Arwen sotto voce.  "Grandma's really sensitive abouther jewelry.  See that Elfstone she gave Aragon?  That's a commonsemiprecious stone, a copper a dozen in Rivendell.  She says that ifhe expects to ever wear the real emerald, he'd better show hedeserves it."  Her voice sounded none too confident to Frodo.  The night passed silently.  No sloshing or head-banging was heardagain from the water.  The travellers huddled in their boats feltthe weather getting warmer and moister as the River took them towardsthe still-distant sea.  The rushing of the rapids grew louder as thethe Company was tested and found wanting in whitewater skills.  Awhite fog swathed the shore; the far bank could not be seen.  "I can't abide fog," said Sam, "but maybe it will hide us from thosecursed goblins."  "Orcs, you mean?" queried Morrie.  "Same difference," snapped Frodo quickly.  "What IS the difference?  Old Bilbo never did explain---" yammered Pipsqueak.  "Enough, you silly hobbits!" cried Boromir™.  "Where in Middle-earthwould anyone find petty nitpickers such as you?!"  "Quiet, all of you!" interjected Aragon.  "I'm trying to chart ourcourse past Sarn Eisner and down to the Emyn Mail."  Boromir™ said, "If we are almost at the Emyn Mail, I do not seewhy we cannot just abandon these boats---"  "YES! YES!  OH, SWEET ELBERETH, YES!  WOO-HOO!" screamed Sam.  "We can, if we are making for Minas Tirith™," countered Aragon,"but that is not yet agreed.  And such a course may be more perilousthan it sounds.  The vale of Mentwash is flat and fenny, and Samwould have a hard time lugging nine packs through it on foot.I would not abandon our boats until we must.  The River is at leasta path that cannot be missed."  Sam looked as if he would willingly carry the Company's baggage allthe way to Mount Viagra to be rid of the boats now.  In truth, hewas seriously entertaining the notion of borrowing the Ring the nexttime Frodo was asleep.  Surely Master Frodo would not notice itsabsence for the short minute it would take to "convince" Aragon tohack the boats to pieces with Endurit or do away with them himself.  "But the Enemy holds the eastern bank," objected Boromir™."And even if you pass the Gates of Argonath and are admitted to theother side, what will you do then?  Leap down the Falls and land inthe marshes?"  "Hah!  Shows how much YOU know!" answered Aragon.  "If you were ascompetent a leader as I am, you would have Sam bear our boats by theancient way to Rauros-foot, and there take to the water again."(Hurin making his last stand at the Fen of Screech could not havelooked more fell than Sam did at this moment.)  "Did you not know,Boromir™, or do you choose to forget about the North Stair, andthe high seat upon Momin Hen, that were made in the days of thegreat kings?  Huh?  Didya?"  After some browbeating Boromir™ admitted that he had heard ofMomin Hen and the North Stair, but that they had slipped his mind inhis hurry to get back to his home city before it was razed by ahundred thousand Mordor orcs.  "It is not the way of the Men ofMinas Tirith™ to desert their friends at need," he said, "and youwill need my strength, if ever you are to reach the Tindrock.  Tothe tall isle I will go, but no further.  There I shall turn to myhome, alone if my help has not earned the reward of anycompanionship."  At this Boromir™ turned a puppy dog gaze oneach member of the Company in turn.  Even Lego-lass was moved bythe sheer pathos of his expression.  Millenia of stewardship and allthe courtly brown-nosing skill that they entailed were not lost onBoromir™.  Aragon was left with a hefty guilt trip, but beingengaged to Arwen for over thirty years had taught him how to shakethose off quickly.  The fog lifted as the day grew and Aragon and Lego-lass preparedto go scouting ahead.  Aragon hoped to find a short-cut.  "Boatsof the Elves might not sink," he said, "but that does not say thatwe should come through Sarn Eisner with a penny to our names.  Nonehave done so yet."  "Well, it was nice knowing you, Aragon," smirked Boromir™.  Theexpenses of this land were enumerated in many a tale told tofrighten Gondorian™ children, princes being no exception.  "Wait for one week," said Aragon.  "If we do not return in thattime, then you will know that evil has indeed befallen us (or thatwe have found a REALLY good dinner buffet).  Then you must take anew leader and follow her as you will."  Arwen had been looking atrifle jealous and Aragon hoped that this would mollify her.  As Frodo saw Aragon and Lego-lass climb the steep bank and vanishinto the mists, he had a feeling that they weren't coming back.Little did he know that the rest of the Company was thinkinglikewise; but all their fears proved groundless.  In less thanhalf a day, Aragon and Lego-lass came staggering back, lookingwell-fed.  "All is well," said Aragon, as he clambered down the bank.  "Notonly is there a track, but there is a whole strip of inexpensivefast food joints only an hour's hike downstream.  There is nobuffet, but all manner of diners are there.  There is even a littlefruit stand if you fancy a bit of dessert."  As promised, Sam was laden with a boat, though Giggly and Boromir™magnanimously carried the packs.  In two trips the Company wasable to bring both the goods and the boats along the portage-wayto the cheap dining district that Aragon had mentioned.  Gigglywas at first disappointed that there were really only four veryshoddy-looking shacks, but suddenly his eyes brightened.  A signin the back of the food court read:                     DURIN'S LAST STAND                      OVER 140 SERVED"Surely this is a franchise of the hamburger chain founded by ourancient forefather, perhaps the only remaining one in Middle-earth,or at least on this side of the Misty Mountains!"  The proprietor, an aged Dwarf, came hobbling out.  Giggly and thehobbits, not having tasted fast food for months, were most eagerto place their orders, and Frodo ordered an extra 6-piece box ofchicken nuggets.  The Dwarf swore that his special sauce was handeddown from Mahal himself, "or my name's not Max Goldstein."  "Your name is Max Goldstein?" piped Pipsqueak.  "What of it?" said Max.  "I am a Dwarf.  If you prick us, do wenot bleed?"  "Hey, where's my pound-o-flesh burger?" shouted Boromir™.  Max was unfazed.  "If you tickle us, do we not laugh?"  He tickledGiggly for emphasis and was rewarded with a long giggling fit.  "Ifyou poison us, do we not turn to stone?" he continued.  "Actually, they say that's an old wives' tale..." started Giggly, but Max continued.  "And if you wrong us, do we not hold a helluva grudge?"  Lego-lass laughed, "Aye, that you do!"; but Max laughed in returnand called to his assistant, a Dwarvish boy who struck up a livelytune as Max started dancing with the Elves.  As Max's other assistant served the Men, Arwen declined to order,citing a need to watch her weight.  She and Lego-lass walked tothe other side of the food court, where a very run-down hut satnext to the river.  The lettering was nearly worn off in severalplaces on the sign:                PEDRO'S MELONS AND MINNOWS                   FRESH FRUIT AND BAITThe Elves went in.  From behind the counter stepped a thin Elf whointroduced himself as Pedro.  "You ladies have no idea how hard itis to get business in these parts," he sighed.  "Maybe you should advertise," suggested Lego-lass.  "Are you kidding?  I've advertised from here to the Eregion gateof Moira, but it's had no effect."  "Really?  We just came from Moira."  "And you didn't see my ads?  I should have known.  They've probablyworn thin after all these years.  I haven't had time to go back andtouch them up, you know."  Arwen had a small ambrosia salad and Lego-lass ordered half of acantaloupe.  The two of them wished Pedro improved luck and startedback to rejoin the Company.  Suddenly Arwen caught something out of the corner of her eye.  "Comeon, Lego-lass!" she cried.  "I decided to get a nonfat Elvish latteat Max's..."  Suddenly she grabbed Lego-lass's hand and started torun.  Lego-lass though this passing strange, but was distracted asshe almost tripped over Pedro's nephew playing in the street, undera small sign whose post was formed from the shaft of a single Elvisharrow of apparent Lorien manufacture.  The point of the arrow wasjammed into a smoking cart around which several orcs were busilysetting up, and upon which others in aprons were busily carving withtheir scimitars while shoving each other around.  From the top of thesign extended a very large feather.   Arwen shot a glance backward:                    BAR-B-Q EEGIL BURGURSShe shook her head sadly and pulled harder on Lego-lass's hand.  Back at Durin's Last Stand, Max was still dancing.  He had formed aline with both of his assistants and they were performing a dance thatthe hobbits had last seen in the Old Forest.  When they finished, theCompany applauded politely.  Max explained that he had learned thedance from a traveling troupe that had recently passed through theGrey Lands on its way to a nine-city tour of Gondor™.  He showed aflier for the troupe to the travellers:                 TOM BOMBADIL'S RIVERPRANCE™           Coming soon to a mannish citadel near you!"I've been advertising for them with these fliers, but it's so hardto distribute them that I'm afraid I'm not much help," said Max.  "Why don't you just use Eagles?" suggested Boromir™.  "They could,well, fly them for you."  "I had the same idea, and finally hired an air courier through theEmyn Mail Post Office last month, but he never came back from thisweek's delivery.  I wonder why..."  Arwen bent low and whispered something to Frodo that made him blanch."I feared it was so," was all he said, and Lego-lass could not gethim to explain further.  Soon it began to rain, as the Company sat under one of Max's awningsand nodded off one by one.  Slowly the sky above grew lighter andthe clouds parted to reveal the black, paved hills of Emyn Mail,closer than ever.  The next morning the travellers bade farewell toMax and launched their boats into a wide ravine.  Frodo peering forward saw in the distance two great rocks approaching:like great pinnacles or pillars of stone they seemed.  Tall and sheerand ominous they stood upon either side of the stream.  A narrow gapappeared between them, and the River swept the boats towards it.  "Behold the Argonath, the Pillars of the Kings!" cried Aragon.  "Weshall pass them soon.  Keep the boats in line, and as far apart asyou can.  As always, please remain seated and keep hands and feetinside the boats at all times."  As Frodo was borne towards them the great pillars rose like towers tomeet him.  Giants they seemed to him, vast grey figures silent butstrangely reassuring.  Then he saw that they were indeed shaped andfashioned: the craft and power of old had wrought upon them, andthey were frozen in perpetual welcoming postures.  Upon greatpedestals founded in the deep waters stood two great kings of stone:still with joyful expressions they smiled upon the North.  The lefthand of each was raised palm outwards as if waving to an adoringcrowd; in each right hand there was a sack, brimming with gold.  Greatpower and majesty they still wore, the silent wardens of an ancientkingdom.  Awe fell upon Frodo, and he cowered down, shutting his eyesas the realization dawned that no inheritance could ever match thewealth and grandeur of these kings.  Even Boromir™ bowed as theboats chugged by, frail and fleeting as little leaves, under theenduring shadow of the sentinels of Numenor.  So they passed underthe dark chasm of the Gates.  Sheer rose the dreadful cliffs on either side.  The black watersroared as Sam shrieked to wake dead and undead alike, called forhis mommy, and finally seemed to channel the spirit of BrandobasTook as he roared a challenge to the Nazdaq.  Frodo was convincedthat he had gone quite completely mental.  "Fear not!" said a strange voice behind him.  Frodo turned and sawStrider, and yet not Strider; for the weatherworn Ranger was garbednow as a Tour Guide.  In the stern sat Aragon son of Arathon, proudand fun-loving, guiding the boat with skillful strokes; his hoodwas cast back, and his dark hair was blowing in the wind, a lightwas in his eyes: a king returning from exile to his own land.  "Fear not!" he repeated for dramatic effect.  "Long have I desiredto look upon the likenesses of Elendil and Anarchion, my sires ofold.  Under their shadow Elessar, the Elfstone son of Arathon sonof Aradud of the House of Wupdidu Elendil's son, heir of Isildur,scion of the lords of Andunie..." - and in this fashion hecontinued rambling on through his pedigree for the better part ofan hour - "... has nothing to fear!"  Then the light of his eyes faded, and he spoke to himself: "Wherewas I?  Oh, a quest to destroy the One Ring and overthrow Sauron.Right."  Frodo looked up.  "Is Elendil dressed like a... a giant rat?" heasked.  "And the other one looks like some sort of... bad-temperedwaterfowl!" Morrie added. "What kind of outfit is that?"  "Sssssshhh!" snapped Boromir™. "Show some respect!"  "Anarchion is depicted in the garb of the Sea-Kings," said Lego-lass.  "... but he's got no pa--" began Pipsqueak.  "RESPECT, dammit!" shouted Aragon, losing his kingly image for abrief moment.  The chasm was long and dark, and filled with the noise of wind andrushing water and echoing stone.  It bent somewhat towards the west,but gradually a gap of light drew near and the boats shot throughinto a long oval lake.  Pale Nen Inenibubu, fenced by steep greyhills whose sides were clad with trees, gleamed in the afternoonlight.  "Behold Tol Brandir!" said Aragon, pointing south to the tall peak."Upon the left stands Momin Lhaw, and upon the right is Momin Hen,the Hills of the Shrew and the Chicken.  In the days of the greatkings there were high seats upon them, and watch was kept there.Tol Brandir has a nice ride inside it, which I highly recommend ifwe get a chance to come back for a longer visit, but there's notenough time to get through the line now.  And listen!  I hear theendless voice of Riproaros calling."  The Company rested now for a while, drifting south on the currentthat flowed through the middle of the lake.  They ate some Easterlingtake-out from the stand between Max's and Pedro's.  Frodo's fortunecookie read: You will soon take a cruise with an old friend.The sides of the westward hills fell into shadow, and the Sun grewred and slowly sank as they drifted.  By nightfall, they had reachedthe shadow of the dreaded paved hills.  The tenth day of their journey was over.  Wilderland was behind them.They could go no further without choice between the east-way andthe west.  The last stage of the Quest was before them.  "Everyone remember where we parked," said Aragon.
     Aragon, after ordering Sam to hide their boats in the brush alongside the river, and also mentioning that building a small trailer for each of the boats would greatly increase their resale value, led the party a short distance inland. Near the feet of Momen Hen they found a small glade of green grass among the bushes, with a picnic table carved with countless initials and an overthrown bucket of trash thoughtfully marked ISILDUR SAYS PLEASE DO NOT LITTER!     "Here we will rest for now," Aragon said with undue solemnity. "Though it worries me to see that the trash collections are off. Saddened I am to see Momen Llaw and Momen Hen in disrepair! Once, long ago, they were well-known, and income-producing."     "Not exciting enough in these modern times," Boromir™ said simply.     The others filed in and lay down upon the green, and so relaxed and chatted idly about the weather while Sam made their camp, muttering quiet epithets to himself. After a time Frodo stepped aside and talked to Aragon. "Is this place safe?" he asked. "I feel a certain foreboding. Though it might just be that Sam's grumblings about the idle rich being put to slow death on a roasting spit are beginning to annoy me."     "I do not know," Aragon replied. "Though a shadow has been on my heart, and a rock in my boot, ever since we arrived. A watch we will set tonight. Tell Sam to take care of it."     "Er, well, I'm not sure that would make me sleep much better," Frodo replied. Sam was sitting off to one side by his cook-pots, sharpening a huge carving-knife and looking at him threateningly. Frodo put a hand over his throat and tried to imagine sleeping with Sam as his guard. "Mmmmmmaybe Sam should, er, have the night off, or we can inject him with tranquilizers or something."     "Okay, you'll keep the watch instead," Aragon replied abruptly.     Frodo blinked, and before he could answer the tall Ranger stood and walked over to Arwen, who said something under her breath about Frodo and laughed. Pipsqueak sat off to one side, asking of Morrie yet again who it was who had pushed him into the well in Moira; and Morrie gave another of his wide, honest, innocent gestures of ignorance. Giggly and Lego-lass stood several feet away arguing heatedly, at first about long-held Elvish and Dwarvish grudges, then about the differences between the sexes, and eventually about the virtues of single parenting. Their voices rose to a fierce crescendo, and they leaned in so closely to shout at one another that almost Frodo thought they were going to stop suddenly and kiss. Boromir™, in contrast, sat silently at the picnic-table, idly carving the initials B™ into the tabletop with his sword, his unseeing eyes focused on some bitter deep internal turmoil. Eventually the initials were carved completely through the table; and Boromir™ continued, inexorably, carving his way onwards into the ground. Frodo refused to look in Sam's direction, though he could feel Sam's eyes boring into his back like twin steel drill-augers, and heard the quiet mutterings behind him grow gradually more menacing as Sam's dialect grew ever more threatening and impenetrable.     "Keep the watch!" he said quietly to himself. "Were I surrounded by ten thousand Orcs, and a thousand Balrogs or three, I think I would find sleep easier."     Midnight came. The growing Moon passed its zenith and began its slow course towards Valhalla. Frodo looked over his companions. The Fellowship slept fitfully, each waking at whiles to check their pockets for valued possessions before drowsing to sleep again. Arwen and Lego-lass sat quietly in Elf-fashion, not in sleep but in the half-asleep, half-awake, three-quarters real, one-third dream, two-fifths waking daydream, one-over-Pi waking daydream sleeping nightmare idling random thought which the Elves take in place of sleep. At length Arwen stood. "Excuse me," she said quietly, "I've got to go see a man about a wolverine, or something." She straightened her black leathers, adjusted her shuriken and throwing-knives, and stepped into the night.     Her black, thigh-high leather boots squeaking quietly through the underbrush, Arwen made her way stealthily to the riverbank, where she crouched near the boats, checked her weapons yet again, and waited. Her Elvish eyes scanned the darkness, while her mind raced. I'm here! she thought proudly. I've made it into the movie for sure now. No getting rid of me! No way I'm going to sit around at Dad's, writing poetry and knitting ugly banners while all the action's going on down here. But I'm not taking any chances. Not even one. In this manner her thoughts ran wildly through the long-secluded corridors of her mind, until at length she heard the splashing of icky little feet just upstream. She went still. A slipblade dropped silently down her wrist and into the curve of her right hand. She held her breath and waited.     A webbed hand, pale and slimy in the fading moonlight, reached from the water and grabbed the blunt end of one of the boats. A pair of luminous green eyes rose up behind it, and suddenly an ugly wet slimy horrible pathetic little fish-eating geek splashed out of the river and flopped squeaking into the boat. "Ick! Ick! Icky icky ick! Ssssss!" hissed the creature. "Musst search backpacks. Musst feel for secret compartments. Musst work on mastering tricksy idiosyncratic dialect. Yesss! Yesss, pringles. Yesss- urrk," the figure added, as Arwen grabbed it by the head with her left hand and flashed the slipknife up to the creature's throatwith her right.     "Listen to me, Gulible, or Gullible, or however the hell it is you spell your name," Arwen hissed in a quiet whisper. "I need your help."     "Ach! Ssssss! Nassty Elven bitch! Sets us up, it doess. Stoods us up, humiliates uss, yesss, saddam! Dinner reservations we hads, yesss; flowerses, nice gowns it boughts for you in Moira-land. Even Orcs who play the violin we finds, yesss! But it stoods us up; it humiliates us; it leaves us with a hell of a minimum to drink up! Complete personality change it has wreaked, saddam, in convenience to plot, fortunately. Poor Gulllible! Tricksy Elven sstrumpet! Nassty sweet-talking tight-fisted leatherbound harlot! Guliblle will help you not. Voice lessons have I taken from Yoda."     "Find the Orcs," Arwen continued, pressing gently on the air supply to the creature's lungs. "Tell them where we are. Tell them to attack the Fellowship exactly as the Sun reaches noon. You got that? Exactly at noon! Do that, and I'll make up for Moira. Fail, and you'll be here for dinner the next time I see you. As the main course. Got that?"     "Ssssss! Nasssty crawdad! Wench! Think about it I will. Let me go! Give me libertine or give me death!" Gulible flapped its paws pathetically, fear and hatred fighting lust, and all three fighting common sense, which was in somewhat short supply at the moment. Arwen looked hard and searchingly into the creature's eyes, then released her grip. Gulible flapped about ludicrously and flopped over into the water with a splash, and immediately began retreating, muttering something unintelligible about the treachery of Emma Peel.     Arwen looked after him in satisfaction. Arwen Saves The Day! the headlines rang in her mind. Some Orcs would attack, and then she would arrive heroically and singlehandedly drive them off. So simple! Strong-willed daughter of Elvenhome saves heir of Elendil, and Ring-quest! Surprise Orc-ambush driven back by fierce counterattack from beautiful and mighty Elven-princess! Glossy pictures in magazines and "Arwen the Morningstar" fan-clubs were soon to replace her current bleak future of appendices and the occasional scholarly comment about her geneaology. A major part in the movie would certainly be hers after this! She adjusted her tight leather tunic, checked her spring-darts and tasteful belt-flail, and made her way back quietly to the sleeping camp.     Red dawn rose from the East, and the wind carried a smell of burning leaves and fiery marshmallows. Above them Tol Brandir stood, proud but rundown, a once-mighty mountain now waiting for a redesign and new weather-resistant siding. Momin Hen stood oily and desolate next to them, a great attraction in years gone past, now dusty and forlorn. Across the River Frodo could catch the rays of dawn alighting upon Momin Lhaw, and was saddened to think of that high place of the Atlanteans now held by the Enemy and used as a third-rate Orc casino.     Sam prepared breakfast, and the Fellowship ate it in silence. Frodo even decided not to comment on the razor blade Sam had placed in his eggs. After they had finished, and Sam had completed the washing up, Aragon called everyone together to discuss the Quest.     "The day has finally come," he began, "when we have to decide, once and for all, what the hell it is we're supposed to do next. Gandalf, El Rond and Galadriel all thought it incredibly important that we speed directly to Mount Viagra and destroy the Ring without delay. Of course, none of them are here to actually help or anything, but that's what they thought we ought to do for them. Boromir™, of course, wants to return to his native land-"     "What time is it?" Arwen suddenly cut in, oblivious to the conversation. She was sitting quietly off to one side intently oiling and polishing her weapons.     "Hm? Oh, uh..." Aragon answered, taken off-guard. He gazed at the sun and the shadows. "Oh, about ten-thirty, I think. So, Boromir™ wants to-"     "Are you sure?" Arwen cut in again.     "Yes," Aragon answered, somewhat less calmly, "I'm sure." After a pause he continued. "Boromir™ wants to return to his native land, the Magic Kingdom of Gondor™, and the great City of Minas Tirith™, which has long stood as a place of Magic™ and Wonder™. I, of course, want to go there and claim my rightful Kingship to it and subjugate it to my will and put Boromir™ out of a job. Though I'm sure we'll find something else for you, Boromir™," he added hastily. "Maybe an associate vice-president in charge of production, or something. Anyway, there is also this subpoena from Isengard to deal with, written in Aruman's own hand."     "It looks a lot like Gandalf's handwriting to me," Pipsqueak cut in obnoxiously.     "Yes, well, you know, wizards' handwriting all looks the same," Aragon replied, looking quickly at the document. "Anyway, we must now decide which of these three causes we shall take up first. I suggest we now all go directly to the fastness of Minas Tirith™, and there take counsel and supplies and thirty or forty thousand of my heavily-armed subjects to aid us in our other missions East and West."     "Sounds good to me," Lego-lass replied.     "Me too," chorused Morrie and Pipsqueak together.     "I liked it the last time I was there," Arwen added, looking up briefly from her toe-spikes. "'Corsairs of the Tampalas' was fun."     "From that great fastness we may strike a mighty blow against the Scum-lords of the East," Boromir™ agreed heartily. "Along with other traitors," he added darkly, his eyes boring into Frodo's back.     "We Dwerrows have long held the long-standing and proper opinion that Gondor™ is a gruesome, dishonorable hell-pit of leeches and vipers," Giggly stated. "But if we're stuck with having to go visit Mordor and Aruman as well, I admit I wouldn't mind having a few divisions of armoured cutthroats and vicious attorneys handy to back us up."     "Nobody cares what I think anyway," Sam said sullenly.     "Well, then, it's settled," Aragon rejoiced. "We're going to Gondorland™!"     "Well, but, uh-" Frodo began.     Aragon stopped and stared at the puny Hobbit. Legions of his future subjects were awaiting his holy edict; yet here was Frodo, delaying him. "Yes?" he demanded.     "Well, you see, I still have an estate in Mordor to claim! Sir Frodo Baggins of Nurnenshire, remember? My own little estate by the lake, with lots of vast hemp fields, and legions of cowed slaves to tend them? Nobility? Respectability? A title? Cucumber sandwiches, and one of those big long robes? You think I came along on this stupid useless low-budget shark-infested holiday because Gandalf had some chores to take care of? No, we need to go straight to Mordor! I suppose I can do something about the Ring once I get established, if you think it's important. I'll have Sam take it to the Fires of Doom once he's got my luggage rounded up. And yes, Sam, I'll even give you a raise for that. And one more hour of unpaid time off per week," he said, glancing round for his servant. Not finding him, however, he paused then plunged ahead. "Well, maybe skip the raise, then," he continued. "But Mordor calls me, and there I must go. Minas Tirith™ will still be there for you after I've claimed my estate. Probably, anyway."     "But everyone else has voted to go to Gondor™," Aragon insisted. "We outvote you, so it's decided." Democracy was, after all, still a useful tool until he actually became a monarch.     "But I have to go to Mordor!" Frodo answered.     Seeing the glares he was getting from the rest of the Company, Frodo relented somewhat. "Well, okay," he agreed sullenly. "Just, uh, I, I just need a few minutes to think about it, is all."     Aragon nodded. "Just be back here by noon," he replied. "Arwen's been very insistent about leaving just past noon."     The meeting ended. Deeply annoyed, Frodo began wandering upwards along the path to the top of Momin Hen. Maybe things will look less bleak from higher up, he thought. Unnoticed by the others Boromir™ rose, his soul carrying enough bleak to cover four or five epic novels, and began ascending the path behind him. The others resumed their various arguments and obsessions from the day before, creatures of habit which they were.     Arwen checked the angle of the sun once more. With another quick adjustment of the poison dart compartment at her breast, she strode back into the wilderness. Ten, twenty, thirty, forty paces. Nicely inconspicuous. Room for a running start. But enough? She increased it to fifty paces. Okay, be fair, sixty. Had to have the advantage of surprise, after all. A nice, round seventy-five paces would be perfect. She and the Fellowship could no longer see each other at all through the brush. Good, good! Complete advantage of surprise. She slipped on her spiked platinum knuckles, tied her hair back to increase visibility, released it again to increase desirability, and waited. Noon. She was impatient, but she forced herself to wait. After waiting two thousand years for a heroic opportunity like this, she could wait another hour and fifteen minutes.     Gondor™! Frodo stomped his way along the path leading up Momin Hen, hands clenched into fists, occasionally uprooting delicate flowers or throwing rocks at small animals in his fury. Gondor™! Stupid useless little kingdom on the edge of being obliterated, populated by big clumsy Men who thought trademarks were a sign of nobility. Frodo was obviously more noble and genteel than the lot of that commercial money-grubbing rabble, that was certain. And now they wanted him to set aside his Eru-granted rights, his clear and unquestioned claims to nobility, his big castle and army of paycheck-free agricultural workers, and further delay the manifest destiny he obviously deserved! Oh, sure, the legalese of El Rond demanded that he destroy the Ring before he could claim his Estate; but that was just a petty legal detail. The good offices of Sauron would certainly take care of that minor technicality. Just like El Rond to needlessly complicate everything, the bloated million-year-old dolt. With these thoughts Frodo made his way to the peak of Momin Hen, where he stepped up to the observation platform. A plaque next to the railing, long ago damaged by weather and the graffiti of ancient tourists, could just be made out, though Frodo could not understand the forgotten language:      SCYNIC VYEW      Myghty Gyndor strytches yut byfore yyu. Ty thy lyft ys thy myghty  fyrtress yf Mynas Dynald, whyre yur fyne rytating rystaurant cymmands  y splyndid vyew yf yur vynquished fyrmer ylly, Myrdor. Ty thy ryght ys  Mynas Myckey, Tywer yf thy Mygic Kyngdom, lyoking fyrward ty thy Wyst   ynd wynderful Ytlantis. Bytween thym, stynding pryudly yver thy Ryver  Ynduin, stynds Dysgiliath, thy Cyty yf Tymorrow. Tyrning ty thy Nyrth  yyu cyn sye Gyndor's syster kyngdom, Yuroarnor, whych wy're syre wyll  by y rysounding syccess!      By syre ty vysit nyarby Mymin Lhyw, whyre yyu cyn lysten yn yn  cynversations yn thy yctive bydrooms yf Gyndor ymployees!      1 QYATLOO - 3 MYNUTES     Looking out Frodo at first saw only a grey mist, like a fog in a deep morning vale, or an overly-steamy bathroom mirror. After a moment, however, the ancient dust gave way, and Frodo found himself able to see remarkable distances. Facing West he looked upon the green fields of Edoras, where many horses ran, with Men riding them - great tall Men with golden hair and a look which was, even to Frodo's untrained eyes, clearly and unmistakably Anglo-Saxon in every regard, pre-Normanic, possibly Mercian though it was hard to tell from this distance, though rather inexplicably they all seemed to be wearing kilts, and occasionally throwing a Frisbee. At the very foot of the Musty Mountains Frodo could just make out a tower of shimmering white, surrounded by a splendid garden of great beauty and ringed with a wall of beautiful, translucent marble. Obviously the tower of the evil heinous wizard traitor Aruman. Frodo quickly hurried on.     Frodo's gaze quickly turned North. Following the line of the Mountains he came to the three high peaks which crowned Moira. For a fleeting moment he thought he had seen an old man in white sitting in a lounge chair beside an old man in red, drinking cocktails and laughing at some unheard joke; but the vision passed, and he realized that looking North was making him really jittery for some reason. He wheeled around once more to face the South.     He saw the Sea. He saw the Off-White Mountains, proud, cold and pointy. His gaze picked out Minas Tirith™, and he looked upon it in amaze: a beautiful city, clean and immaculate, surrounded by seven walls of stone and surmounted by a castle with tall narrow spires of storybook beauty, where Frodo could just make out large numbers of people standing in incredibly long lines trying to look like they were still excited about whatever the hell it was they were waiting such unbelievable lengths of time for. Many of them carried souvenirs. A surprising number of them seemed to be wearing round black helms with mysterious protrusions, like Boromir's™. Every single one of them looked like they had spent too much money. Frodo was about to turn away when he saw - or thought he saw; it must have been a mistake, it must have been - some sort of giant rat walking through the avenues, waving at the people; who did not scream or run away, as sensible people would, from a grinning six-foot-tall rodent. Frodo blinked. It couldn't have been. Perhaps it was just a reflection, or something.     Saving the best for last, Frodo turned East towards Mordor. Somewhere out there was the wonderful land of Nurnenshire, soon to be his home. His gaze crossed the River Anduin, gazing only briefly at the heavily-dated ruins of Disgiliath; then going further they came across the great dome of Minas Epcot upon the mountain-range. The sanitized commercialism of Gondor™ gave way to the hideous neon glitz and media bombardment of the Enemy. Frodo's eyes unwillingly crossed the plain, passing billboards innumerable and countless one-hour motels. Gas wars were being fought. Commercialism was rampant. Film crews were busy with remakes of "Flipper" and "Mr. Ed". Orcs lit bonfires upon the plain and toasted marshmallows by having slaves hold them into the fires for them with their bare hands. In the center of the hideous arid plain he saw the deadly sputtering fire of Mount Viagra, which no man would admit to seeing. Its purple flames raged up unexpectedly, then crashed down to silence with a dozen undocumented side-effects.     And then Frodo saw it: a tower great and terrible, with buttresses of knife-edged iron, walls of impenetrable stone, doors of heavy adamant all marked "ENTRANCE ONLY"; battlement upon battlement, chamber upon chamber, window office upon window office, tall, black, immeasurably strong, laughing at flattery, filled with self-confidence, cracking its gum, telling bad jokes, and ringed with a thousand heavily-sharpened dinner forks: the Barad-dur, Fortress of Sauron the Terrible. Frodo stood as one turned to stone, unable to look away. The Ring suddenly felt heavier on its chain, like a great weight, dragging him downwards. In the Dark Tower Frodo felt an Eye which never slept; and then it became aware of him, a fierce will, unknowing of mercy, and now as it turned towards him he felt unable to move, unable to resist; and the Power came ever closer, reaching past Momin Lhaw, reaching towards him like an arm of terror; and then suddenly all went black, and there was a click, and Frodo could see no more.     "Pesky things," Frodo muttered to himself. "No wonder nobody uses them any more. You'd think a quarter would give you more than three minutes. And now I'm out of change." And he kicked the great coin-operated binoculars on their pivoting metal base, limped back a few feet, and sat on a stone bench.     After a moment Boromir™ came into the clearing. Seeing Frodo he immediately ran forward, drew his sword and prepared to cleave the puny Hobbit in half; but just as Frodo was about to scream he stopped, looked at his sword as if it had just been placed in his hand by a passing street-vendor, and laughed self-consciously as he put it back in its scabbard. "I, uh, I was just thinking about getting you a quarter," he explained lamely. "Halfling. Cut in half. Uhm, so, a quarter, you see. Get it? Ahh ha ha ha ha ha. Uhm. No, Really, Frodo, I am ill at ease. I came to talk to you. May I not sit down? The view's beautiful from up here. I'm surprised more people don't come by. I think a quarter for three minutes is very reasonable. Quite a bargain, really. Uhm. Oh, look, you cleaned the lenses. Jolly good. Though that's Union jurisdiction, you know. Could get in a lot of trouble. But I won't tell anyone if you don't. I mean, it's no big deal, you know, really. Um. Uh. So, uh... I guess you were really wanting to go to that estate in Nurnenshire, hm?"     "Yes," said Frodo.     "The one that the Great And Terrible Enemy Of All The Free Peoples is offering you."     "That's the one," said Frodo.     "And you believe it."     "Well, of course I do!" Frodo snapped, irate. "I've got a piece of paper and everything. It's all official. Look," he continued, reaching into his jerkin and pulling out the envelope from the Nazdaq, "it's got official-looking seals on it, and signatures in blood-red ink and everything. Yes, I'm sure it's only ink."     "You trust this?" Boromir™ demanded.     "Well, of course I do!" Frodo replied haughtily. "Sauron's a big and important man. I'm just an insignificant little hobbit who has, by chance, the blood of great and honoured nobility coursing through my veins. Why would he deceive me? He knows I'd be a valuable asset to Nurnen, that's all. And he's right." Frodo held up his head and looked to the East, hoping the light would catch his face just the right way and let Boromir™ see, just for a moment, the nobility of ancient and powerful Sea-kings in his visage, but the sun went behind a cloud and he continued to look like a puny insignificant little hobbit who was sticking his lower lip out obnoxiously.     "Maybe you aren't aware of the wiles of the Enemy," Boromir™ responded. "Here in Gondor™ we have been fighting a terrible battle against the Evil One for uncounted centuries. Once Gondor™ was a fair land, powerful and well thought of in the tourist trade; yet now it is but a shadow of its former self, bare and desolate, its concession stands all but closed, its parking lots bare-"     "Looked pretty crowded through the binoculars," Frodo cut in.     "That? A cruise ship from the Havens. We get those but twice a year, and had to make a big concession on the hotel fees even to get that. The rest of the time Gondor™ is a ghost town, our people unemployable, idle and bored. Yet that is but a part of our woes. The Nazdaq have conquered Minas Epcot, and made it into a place of horror-"     "I heard it was a place of horror already," Frodo interrupted.     "-and the Leech-king killed Eisner, the last King, in single combat; Eisner held two Aces and a Jack, and the Leech-king held a repeating crossbow with barbed and poisoned quarrels and a battleaxe-"     "So did he bluff?" Frodo asked.     "-and Disgiliath has fallen, and our Great Monorails can no longer run, and every day our defenses grow weaker. Even a single division of musketeers-"     "Mouseketeers?" cut in Frodo.     "Musketeers," Boromir™ corrected, "could aid us greatly; but we can't get them, because gunpowder hasn't been invented yet-"     "But we've got fireworks," Frodo interrupted pedantically.     "Do you realize you've interrupted five times in the last ten paragraphs?" Boromir™ said angrily. "I'm trying to make you realize that Sauron is a damned liar!"     "What?" Frodo demanded.     "A liar! A teller of falsehoods! A deceiver of men's hearts! Why the hell do you think everyone's been calling him evil? Why do you think we refer to him as 'Sauron the Base Lord of Treachery'? That document you're clutching and carrying everywhere in your sweaty little fist is a trap, you know - a trap devised by Sauron and delivered by the Nazdaq to reel you in and bring you to the Dark Tower!"     "But why?" Frodo demanded. "It doesn't make any sense! What would Sauron have to gain by trapping me? Use your head, Boromir™, or take stronger medications-"     "Because of the Ring!" Boromir™ snapped, finally getting to interrupt Frodo for a change. "You have the Ring. It's Sauron's Ring. Sauron wants it back. And he'll torture and destroy you for it."     "Not true! Not true!" screamed Frodo.     "Of course it's true, dolt! Gandalf told you Sauron was a fool. El Rond told you too. But Sauron is no fool. He has been searching for his Ring, the power of which will make him stronger a thousandfold, and you're willing to go up and hand it to him! And then he would crush all resistance! He will destroy Gondor™-"     "I'm not listening! I'm not listening!" Frodo screamed, sticking his fingers in his ears. "La la la la la la la-"     "And then Lorien," Boromir™ shouted, "and then Rivendell, and Edoras, and then he will trample the Shire and put its inhabitants all to torture and slow death as the price for your keeping the Ring in his despite - will you stop singing! - and all your precious Bagginses, or Bagginsi, or whatever they are, will die, and all the Brandybottles will die-"     "No! No! No! No! No!" Frodo yelled in agony.     "-and all the Tooks will die-"     "No!" screamed Frodo. "No! Sauron would never hurt Cassiopeia! Youdamnable liar!" And with that Frodo drew Sting and stabbed Boromir™ through the abdomen.     "Aaaaaaaaaggggghhhh!" screamed Boromir™, and fell.     Frodo looked at Boromir™. The powerful Man was trying to raise himself up onto his hands and knees, gasping desperately. Oh my Eru! Frodo thought. What have I done! I've killed Boromir™! It's murder! Oh my Eru! He dropped Sting but then picked it up again to wipe it free of fingerprints, which only succeeded in getting even more of Boromir™'s blood onto his hands and tunic. Damn, he thought.     Boromir™ crawled away into the brush. Maybe nobody will find him, Frodo thought, looking after him. Yeah. That's fine. Or maybe we were attacked by Orcs. Everybody'd be fine with that. Maybe I'll say he attacked me first. After all, he's been acting pretty strange lately. I'll say he wanted the Ring. And I had to stab him.     But who'd believe that? Frodo answered himself. We were going to go to Gondor™. Why would he take the Ring here? What would he want the Ring for, anyway? No, nobody'll buy a story like that. It's too implausible an idea.     "I've got to get out of here," Frodo said aloud to himself. "I'll go to Mordor alone. Sauron will protect me. Diplomatic immunity. After all, I'm a nobleman. And Boromir™ was an enemy of Mordor, after all. I'll have done Sauron a service. He should be grateful." And with that Frodo looked about, chose a path that would take him back to the boats without going near the others, and departed.     A pair of eyes gleamed from the underbrush. Underneath them could just be seen a mouth frowning in consideration. Then the eyes departed, also going down Momin Hen but by a faster way.     "Are you telling me Feenamint wasn't an inventor?" Lego-lass demanded.     "No, that's not what I said," Giggly answered with some heat, "I'm just saying he didn't do anything original. Now Oolee, now he made some truly original things. He was creative! Feenamint had good crafts skills, but he didn't really make anything very inspired, now did he?"     "I'd like to see you make a slipcast," Lego-lass said pointedly.     "Oh, sure, the slipcast; but he couldn't make the light, now could he?" Giggly said, triumphant.     "Nooo, he got that from the plants," Lego-lass smiled archly. "And that was Lavanna's work. Nothing to do with ol' Oilee whatsoever."     "Oolee," Giggly corrected.     "Anyway you don't see Dwaerrowseses making light or great jewels or anything, but they burn plenty of plants for firewood, or just for fun-"     "I'm not willing to listen to these add himinem attacks-"     But just then their engaging conversation was interrupted as Boromir™, his hands over his bleeding midriff, stumbled headlong into the clearing. "Frodo!" he gasped. "It was Frodo-" And then he fell forward upon his face.     "Ai! Ai!" Lego-lass shrieked, and she and Giggly threw their arms around one another. The Dwarf drew his axe. "Fear nothing!" he giggled. "If I see that halfling bastard I'll protect y-..." And then with a sudden mutual impulse they leaped away from one another, both fighting shock and horror and some idea even more terrifying.     Aragon jumped to his feet. "The Ringbearer!" he yelled. "He's gone amok. We must now bring him to justice. Gimlet! Legless! Find my beloved Aardvark! Mungo, you and Piglet guard Boring® here. Meet me back at the boats!" And with that Aragon drew his sword and dashed up the path of Momin Hen. "Endurit! Endurit! Fear me, little Shire rat-bag!" he shouted.     Giggly and Lego-lass, themselves caught in a moment of utter emotional uncertainty, made for the west-path together, then for separate paths, then paused; then wordlessly reaching a decision the two followed Aragon up the trail, close after one another, but not too close.     A long silence fell. Moribund thoughtfully pulled out his pipe. "Soooo, Boromir™," Morrie said slowly. "I think I've got some bandages in my pack... How much are they worth to you?"     Pipsqueak, sitting on a log watching Morrie bargain with the wounded Man, looked about the clearing idly. The grass was green, the trees and brush provided gentle shade and protection from the winds, and the foliage was beautiful to look upon. But then he saw something else, something subtly different in the trees, and a new and somewhat disquieting thought occurred to him.     When we came down the River, he thought to himself, there were those Orcs jumping around on the plains who looked a lot like trees. Being out on the plains it wasn't very effective camouflage, like Strider said. But in a place like this, with trees and bushes all the way around you... boy, if they looked like trees, I bet a whole battalion of Orcs could creep right up on you and you wouldn't even notice - unless you happened to look up at just the right moment.     "Uh, Morrie?" Pipsqueak said aloud in a quiet falsetto. "Uh, you might want to stop talking for a minute and look over here..."     Killer! Butcher! Murderer! Voices of guilt rang through Frodo's mind like mighty church-bells. You fool! They'll give you the Chair for this. What he meant by that he hardly knew, yet it frightened him. He envisioned a merciless and mighty Executioner beating him over the head with an immense, heavy chair. Mordor's my only hope. I've got to get to the boats. I've got to get to the boats!     Frodo stumbled blindly through the trees. He thought he heard some screaming off in the distance towards the camp, but it could just as easily have been the voices pointing fingers and crying J'accuse! in the labyrinths of his mind. There was also a crunching sound, a sound like breaking wood, which he disregarded until he reached the River, where he found Sam smashing the last of their three boats with Giggly's spare axe.     "Sam! What the hell are you doing!?"     Sam looked up. There was an evil look on his face, an evil smirk in his eye. "That's Mister Sam Gamgee to you, ye bourgeois Shire-born hobgoblin," Sam answered, hefting the axe with his strong working-class hands. "An' what I'm doin' is wreckin' these nasty seedy little death-traps afore ye try to use 'em again."     "But we've got to escape!" Frodo said dementedly. "There were Orcs! Hundreds of 'em! And they attacked me, and they killed Boromir™, and-"     "No Orcs attacked ye," Sam replied, his dialect thick and pointed. "It was you as attacked Mister Boromir™, of the Royal House of Gondor™; and that's his blood there on your hands, it is, and all of Ulmune's oceans won't be enough t' wash ye clean of it. Aye, Mister Frodo, an' there's no denyin' it. I know all aboot it."     "That's crazed," Frodo parleyed. "If I had killed Boromir™, how would you know-"     "Because I followed ye," Sam snapped. "After sneakin' in to the Council of El Rond, and followin' ye t' see the Lady's bath an' all, ye think I'd let this meeting go by unobserv'd? Nae, Mister Frodo, nae; and I do it because I don't trust ye, ye wee cutthroat. I scouted out all the paths, and I watched ye go up the great Hen, and I watched Boromir™ tell ye about Mordor an' Sauron's treachery, and I saw ye go nutso an' stab him. An' I knew ye'd be headin' for the boats - the nasty, accurs'd boats," he shuddered - "an' seein' as I had nae the stomach for 'em anyway, I did ye out of 'em an' satisfied meself doubly. So there's no goin' on, Mr. Frodo. Or should I say Mr. Mud."     "Sam, Sam," Frodo said, shifting mental gears and trying for supplication. "I had to do it. I had no choice. He was trying to stop me from going to Nurnenshire."     "And claimin' your estate," Sam sneered.     "Yes," Frodo answered, "and claiming my estate. Sam! I would have agreed to anything, if you could have helped me; but now the boats are smashed, and my hope is lost. I feared it was so. Damn it." And Frodo sat down heavily on the remains of one of the broken keels.     Sam looked at his master long and thoughtfully. "You'd've gone straight into Mordor?" he asked.     "Yes," Frodo answered. "Of course I would. Where the hell else would I go?"     "And you'd agree to anything t'get there?"     "Sure. Anything," Frodo said despondently. He played idly with a twisted oarlock.     Sam looked at him appraisingly. "So if I had a way to get you into Mordor, you'd go there willingly, and you'd agree to anything to be able t' do it?"     Something about Sam's tone made Frodo look up. "Sam? Is there another boat here or something?" he asked, rising to his feet. "If you're holding out on me-"     "Keep your hands away from th' sword!" Sam demanded, wielding the axe and producing a handful of deadly cutlery. "I'm only sayin' as I may be able to help you. To go to Mordor. But only on certain conditions."     "What conditions?" Frodo said desperately. "Name them!"     Sam leaned back, cheerfully. "We-ell," he said slowly, "for starters, I get a pay raise. Fifty percent. An' retroactive to the beginning of last year."     "Fifty per c-" Frodo started, then stopped himself. He could almost hear the rest of the Fellowship coming with bright keen Swords of Justice. "Oh, okay. All right. But only if we can leave right n-"     "And you has t' carry your half of the baggage," Sam continued, indicating the heavy packs lying next to one of the smashed boats.     "Oh, all right," Frodo replied. Under Sam's watchful gaze he shouldered one of the packs. It was astonishingly heavy. Frodo had never done menial labor before. "All right," he answered, trying to inhale. "All right. That's only fair, I supp-"     "AND you'll be doing half the cooking throughout the rest of the trip," Sam continued. "And the washing-up. And you'll stand half the watches. And give me the wake-up calls from now on."     "Ho-kay," Frodo gasped. He was concentrating on the pack.     "And before you go to Sauron to claim your little estate in Nurnenshire, ye'll write up a legal document that gives me complete ownership of Bag End," Sam added. "As a little bonus for years of long service. If you're profiting, I'm profiting too."     "Bag End! Oomph," Frodo said, trying to find his new center of gravity. How had Sam carried this thing for so long? "What do you want that for?... Well, all right, very well; I won't be needing it anyway."     "And just in case Boromir™ is right about the Ring," Sam added, "I don't want no Dark Baddies takin' over the Shire just when I'm about to come into my own. So ye'll be destroyin' the Ring before ye try to contact any officials or claim any Estate."     "Blackmail! Foul, tricky besotted blackm- Well, all right, I suppose; as long as it's on the way," Frodo answered, trying desperately to stay calm.     "And there won't be any more lickin' of fingers, or suckin' of toes or any other personal displays o' th' sort; an' if ye try it I'll cut your throat then and there, Mister Frodo. An' that's a fact," Sam added vehemently. "Swear to all that. Swear by the Deed."     "The Deed?" Frodo asked.     "Aye, the Deed," Sam answered. "By the Deed to Nurnenshire. Crooked as a three-dollar bill it may be, but it has a hold o' your soul, and ye'll never break that oath if ye want to enjoy your estate." Sam fairly spat out the last word, as though he had just avoided saying comeuppance instead.     "All right," Frodo answered. "I swear by the Deed to Nurnenshire that I shall go straight to Mordor, and to give you a fifty per cent pay raise retroactive to last year, and to carry half the baggage and do half the cooking and washing-up, and half the watches and wake-up calls, and give you a legal claim to Bag End before claiming the Estate, and destroy the Ring first, and not try to get you excited or suck on your fingers or toes or any other appendages. So help me Deed.     "Now, Sam," Frodo continued, as the pack straps dug painfully into his shoulders, "how do you propose we get across the River? Fly? Swim? Use that fourth boat you were keeping hidden in your mess-kit for later? Smelt some iron, forge a shovel and tunnel our way under?"     Sam smiled smugly. "We-ell, Mr. Frodo, I thought we'd walk a little bit farther South, and then walk across on that disused track for Boromir™'s ol' Monorail. See, it goes right across the water, there, straight over to Momin Lhaw."     "Sam! You're a genius!" Frodo laughed.     And soon later two little figures could just be made out walking across the narrow track towards the Eastern side of the River, one already starting to feel the weight of his great burden, and each with a hope in their hearts. For one of them went to Mordor hoping that the stories of Sauron's hatred and lust for vengeance upon Frodo would prove utterly false, and the other went hoping those same stories would prove satisfyingly true.     Time passed. The shadows moved slowly. Before long the sun reached its zenith.     "Aaaaiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeaiaiaiaiaiaiaiaia ha ha ha hahahaaaaaaa!" The brush burst aside! A burst of deadly shuriken flew through the air, each cutting through the air of the clearing with a searing whine and embedding themselves into the trunks of trees. With a sudden flash of black leather a lithe figure leaped into the clearing, ronin-blade in one hand, sharpened darts in the other, keen-eyed, beautiful, confident and vicious. "Fear not!" the figure shouted. "Mighty Arwen, warrior-princess, is here!..."     After a moment the silence continued to greet her. She stopped. She paused. She looked at the sun. It was noon. It was noon! Where the hell was everyone? She looked about the empty clearing, angry, yet a desolation crept upon her heart. Did they leave early? Why would they do that? And where the hell were the Orcs?     Was she too late?     She checked the sun yet again. It must be noon! Must be. Maybe. Unless... unless they measured noon differently in southern climes. Or something. Anyway, why would they leave without her? Had they forgotten her? Those bastards!     There was some blood on the ground, trailing off towards Momin Hen. Probably Aragon had got another one of his nosebleeds. She'd told him high altitudes weren't good for him. There was some black stuff on the ground as well, a lot of it, which she might have identified as Orc-blood if she'd led a less sheltered life. Tree-sap, she thought to herself. Probably just some sort of tree-sap.     Arwen sat down dejectedly. She began idly throwing her silvered-steel darts at the picnic table. Every step she took went wrong. Every attempt to get more coverage in the movie seemed to backfire on her. She couldn't even get a mention in Chapter Seven. Dammit! What the hell was this? Some sort of conspiracy?     For a long moment the Elven-maid sat there, alone, her eyes unseeing.     Finally she stood. She pulled a few of the less-damaged shuriken back out of the trees where they had lodged. The throwing-darts she ignored. Gondor™, she thought. They were going to Gondor™. To Minas Tirith™. Everyone was agreed. Well, I'll just follow them and meet them there. I shouldn't miss more than a chapter or two before I'm back with the others again. And Aragon had better have a damn good excuse for leaving me like this, the bastard.     With a final shrug Arwen picked up her pack, tied her hair back for practicality and left it there, and proceeded South, her feet tracking a perfect line straight towards Minas Tirith™. She knew her way there, and she knew the others were going straight there as well. This time everything would work out. This time she was certain to be central to the plot. This time.
